So, I think that we got most of those projects in. If something has happened and you haven't turned that project in, I mean you should turn in something, even if it's like late, late, because that's a big deal. And we've been talking about it. I've been asking top hat questions about it. I pretty much since day one. Why Jason? Well, I've been assigning this for 10 years and have continuously modified it. Is it because I need to know more about this project? No, it's not about that. Because I saw how people were scoring, and I wanted those numbers to go up. So, over the last four or five years consistently, I've started earlier and earlier asking top hat questions, having a whole class period just to discuss it. The reason is because I want to help. So I hope that did help. And, you know, if it didn't, there's extra credit. You know, if it didn't, let's feed some people if you need some extra points. Other than that, the big project is out of the way. Three exams are out of the way. One of my vaccinations is out of the way. Fixed the garden fence. I got an auger. Did I tell everybody I got an electric auger? Because I got an electric chainsaw. I dug on one battery 15 holes. I planted nine 14 foot trees. I even dug two chicken graves this morning for old chickens that I just didn't. I was like, they're in a bucket. I'm a busy guy. So now, with the auger, instant chicken grave digger. I know. I know. Anyway, so I was busy. Really busy. That being said, it was an awesome break and then I got to get out lots, but I don't I didn't get a break because of course I teach two classes for CU, three classes for Front Range. I don't know, you know, whatever. Right. Did I tell everybody I went skiing? Took the boys skiing for the first time ever? Yeah. So anyway, now we're all caught up. What's the test makeup date? I'm not sure. I do believe that I have that in announcements. It's one of the first three to five announcements that were made. Three to five. It could be number two, then I would be underestimating myself. But I think it's like one of the first handful of announcements. You'll see that those exams will be open for 24 hours, May 5th. Thank you, Lindsay. And yeah, you can take one that you've missed. So again, I'm just trying to help because I know life is intense. I mean, if life is intense for me, it's probably way more intense for you, right? Because I'm just hanging out on a farm. Teaching eight college classes, raising two teenagers. Whatever. Okay. Any questions? I'm just going to take a sip of coffee. This is the third round of coffee. I'm on 30 miles on the bike, 10 hills, eight classes and three rounds of coffee. I feel like ripping Hulk Hogan. That wasn't really ripping it off, was it? That wasn't very dramatic. But yeah, let's go coffee. Woo! All right. Any questions? Any questions? Not seeing any? Not seeing any? No? Should we roll? Should we get into this chapter on gender? All right. So let's just say that a lot of this chapter on gender would confuse my father, who's 80. And so let's just say as we talk about gender, just like so many things, there's a lot of disconnect, isn't there? I mean, like really a lot of generational disconnect. I was listening to somebody complain. Oh, sorry, let me turn this down. I was listening to somebody complain. I guess I listen to people complain all the time. About transgendered bathrooms. Oh, lordy, lordy, lordy, lordy. And so then I waited for that person to do their thing about... And then I was like, have you ever used a porta potty? That was it. End of discussion. Hi-yah! Ka-chow! That's not a violent body slam. That's a gentle learning moment. Right? Have you ever used a porta potty? All of those, every single one of those you've ever used. Right? So a lot of ways that I guess I try and wrap my head around ideas of race, I do around gender. And I guess the reason I'm kind of leading off with that is because, of course, we're trying to cultivate understanding and perspective. So people that are 80, I mean, you know, there was no, guess what? People who are 80, nobody in that generation died from a gender reveal party. Let me just say that first off, okay? Because that wasn't a thing. People who are... let's crank it back 32 years. I'm 47, 33 years, 32 years, I guess technically I'm 32 years younger than my dad. He was older when he had me. And then you look at people who are in their 40s. That perspective is way different. Then that perspective is different from people in their 30s. And luckily, I have the life blessing of working with college students. So my flow of information is pretty steady, you know, and I have two teenagers. And that backs me up even further. And as far as this gender piece or the race piece or how do I release a successful video on TikTok of me dancing? Haven't done it yet. Still trying. All right, so let me get to some of these questions because really what I want to talk about today is the same thing we lead off with every time, which is, do you see changes in how students' perspectives have changed with yours? And let me back it up to a few minutes ago. I've seen more changes in the gender perspective and in students' perspectives around gender than anything else in the last 15 years teaching. And I think, oh wow, that is such a huge question because this starts 15 years ago when I worked at Front Range. And I think 15 years ago, it was a group of transgendered individuals that would come speak to the class, not just trans individuals or transgender individuals at Front Range that Mary Berg, who is Mary Hill, got me my first teaching job.