Language, let me just press the record button. Could I do that? But yeah, this is why we look at this in sociology. This is what a lot of our work does in sociology. If there are massive systemic failures, then it's a lot of times sociologists who are looking at how do we change that. I've been talking about that all semester long. And I guess now that I wish that a week had passed and we could just jump right back into class and nothing tragically relevant to this class and our topics was taking place every single day, but it is. So, please be mindful of the conditions that we create. And I would even say the systemic failure where we've already said we can't change anything about guns, not you, not me. But if this thing is happening again and again and again it did right FedEx, I could even go outside of just the couple racially motivated the police hunting down and killing people of color and get to a few more mass shootings all within the last week. But I would say if we're worried about and I am and you are and you should be systemic failures, then we should be even more worried about having lost the will to change the things that we know are wrong in a country that has been so defined by our ability to do so. And create more equality and create better conditions and this the race thing is not that I don't feel that same thing when it comes to guns. It's like all or nothing. I need an AR 15 to protect my house and to hunt a turkey or nothing. And that is quite clearly not the case. Bo also brings a good point where I was talking about pronouns as we shift into this chapter on gender. And what if we replace the words, right? Would we be asking the same questions? Do we say those same things? And if we do, do we know immediately that they're wrong once he put the word she in front of them? Absolutely. So just like we look at racial bias or any other type of inequality all semester long, just as a point of focus. That's what we do as sociologists looking at from many different perspectives. We're also going to do the same with gender. And I would say students, if there's any chapter in this book that students are increasing, it is changed more than any other chapter in this book, both how my students interact in a live classroom setting, streaming classroom setting, talk, interact, email, and are concerned about, it would be, I think, this chapter on gender, which seems to have had some pretty intensely profound shifts over just the last handful of years. So, all right, as we segue into gender, let me rewind. This, me talking now isn't lagging, is it? Okay, good, good. I don't know out here in the country if I'm able to like do the zoom thing and not have the other thing be laggy. But since you could quite possibly be surrounded with devices, I think that just telling everybody at the same time and giving you a URL to watch if that doesn't work seems to be kind of an end around. So, yay for us. Okay. So, before break test, I believe that the results of those were given back, I believe we added a couple points. You should be good. Now, if I look here and I won't screen share this with you because it's, oh, it makes me sad. But that is our food drive, which I think, I don't know, let's look, the 100, no that's the FRCC 100. I don't know, we have like, it's not a lot. This is like 100 bucks. Last semester we raised $9,000. So, between my classes, people really haven't realized the urgency of this yet. Even if your grade is fantastic, or especially if your grade is fantastic, reach out to family members. Donate to this link helps feed people. We know that you're not going to be able to be a success in this life if you don't even have a base number of calories every day or know where your next meal is coming from, apart from some of these big pieces that we're talking about all semester long. So, follow the link to the food drive, donate what you can, talk about it in the discussions. And if you like, I'm sitting Jason at 100%, even better for you to donate, right? Even better. If you got 100% in this class and it's not even like a thing, because like I said, I don't even know if I said this or not, but my mom always used to be like, you can't have people pay for extra credit. And I was like, I'm having people feed people. She's like, people should just want to feed people. I'm sorry, that's not, that was just my mom's tone in that conversation. Mostly she was very nice. Then I said, yeah, baby, people should want to feed people. Yeah, they should. How come so many people are food insecure? Because not everybody does. So, the reality is, let's jump on top of that if you haven't already, and give it some love and donate what you can. All right. So, the Food Matters Project. Look, I normally have the Food Matters Project do a week previous. So, I got a lot of emails and I'm sure that there are people that are like, screw Jason, I'm on spring break. But that's only if you waited three months to start the project. So, in all reality, I was just trying to give folks an extra week, an extra few days to complete it. I know how that works because I was the student doing it the night before. So, if you feel like the project interrupted your spring break, I'm not sorry, because I wasn't purposely interrupting your spring break. That being said, if you had a few extra days to get it done and you did fantastic, if you didn't start it until that Monday, and then I think I, you know, sent something out and said you could still, you know, turn it in for up to three days late because at that point you're losing five points a day and what's the point, right.