Describe the male gender in one word privileged five. Alright, so top five privileged dominant three strong three confusing to masculine toxic at two scary idiots. This is, if you ever read through these in order toxic scary idiots. It's it's kind of writing itself into sentence form. Tough, but in quotation marks, aggressive, gross dependable. Alright, there we go. Oh, a few things here. I'm neutral, egotistical power holding complicated oblivious. This is stereotyping manipulative tall corrupt unemotional controlling emotionless self centered entitled Harry. Alright, there we go. Sorry. Superior in quotes, apparently. Powerful no idea but there's a level of privilege, man testosterone violent tough dominant favored, and maybe here at the end above. Okay, alright. Make some sociological observations about this list. I would say it's mostly like, I'm a negative thing. What's that. So, Yeah, I would say it's mostly a negative thing. Um, yeah. The list seems primarily negative. Alright, other sociological observations, we do this, and I know we're just getting back into the discussion thing. I can wait, I got all day, I get paid the same. Um, it's, they're constantly seen as like the superior. In quotation marks there like gender like if they're seen as the more privileged group. Okay, seen as the more privileged group, right, and perhaps superior by privilege. Not superior by. I'm not saying that whatever superior is that a word. Anyway, alright. Other observations about this list. I feel like it's mostly based off of experiences. Okay, good. Um, based off of experiences. Yeah, and this is why although there's some stereotyping here. I think there's a lot of value, you know, tons and tons of value past that many of these reflect an individual's experiences. Absolutely good. Other sociological observations about this list. I'm not saying that I'm not going to bite my nails, and I have been doing this since COVID started. If there's anybody out there that's a chronic nail biter like me that can't the last year. Understand your pain. Okay, sorry, say to get past that. I'm doing it. Sorry. observations. I appreciate the nail painting advice, which I have done. Plenty of times. What else observations of that list just that it's negative seemingly superior that's it and based off our experiences, nothing else. Penis, manipulative, brash, oh did I say brash? Penis, there we go. Sorry. Sorry, penis, there we go. I'm not trying to be rude, but that always makes our list. It always makes the list so either I just accidentally missed it or somebody typed it later. Any thoughts? I think that's a good balance off of Connor's idea of that. It's like based on experiences, just because like I deal with dudes on a daily basis, and it seems pretty spot on for the most part. I think maybe there were some things that are like generalized but from my experience it seems like we as females, or who identify as the gender female from what I heard, it's like, how we view men? Sure. Okay, good. Thank you. Any other thoughts about this list? Any other traits for masculinity? Yeah, right, some traits for masculinity. Let me show you my new conversation starter. I didn't know this when Julie gave me this, I didn't know this was going to be a massive gender conversation starter over the last two weeks. Yep, yep, yep. You put on a mask. That could be a conversation starter. You put on a pink mask with a beard, I guess in the year 2021. I'll get around to that later but whew. Now I just, I ordered a six pack. Okay, that's how I am. I'm so confrontational that I realized within 24 hours of wearing this mask that I was going to get into gender discussions, so I went to Amazon and bought a six pack, because I love having those discussions with people. Sorry, Shelby's like oh my gosh, it's true. Yeah, let's talk about masculinity right here in the hardware store. That's a good place for it, shall we? Okay, not male but from a female's perspective it seems like many of these have started since we were young. Superheroes were always shown as men, men being strong and tough, characters like James Bond being aggressive and physical. Absolutely.