I noticed that was mostly positive, which was surprising to me, because my sister has a transgender friend, and her parents are his parents aren't very accepting. But it's, it's interesting to me because that seems to be the normal from people of that generation and so to hear our generation think so positively of them was kind of like a culture shock to me I've never really heard that before. Excellent. Um, okay so that my first thought was this list outside this classroom from just random people in the community would be way different. Right. I mean when I asked my social to 20 environmental sociology students about things. 90% of them are like passionate about the environment somehow so I'm asking a question in a microcosm of people who have an elevated level of knowledge outside, maybe general outside of a college campus just, you know, sort of the town, or whatever. So yeah, I think that this list, and by saying that I think that this list would be much more unknown or negative perhaps if it wasn't within the sort of our class confines which is my opinion you know, everybody's views are supported here if we're being respectful towards each other and compassionate and that's kind of our guiding thing is looking at things from different perspectives but obviously being able to do that knowing that those are the guidelines, and being three months into that are a lot different than anybody who might just be given this question randomly. Other thoughts. And it's great that if we're including non-binary genders and non-conforming gender one of the words is valid because they're typically described as confused. Yes. Yep. And of course, I mean, it's. When you're an alien, you're saying that they're not human, you know when you invalidate people based on gender, same thing I mean you're, you're, again, you're really like what's a non valid person that I don't even I don't even know I've ever can't even wrap my head around that right but you know important to when the message may be coming from society oftentimes is quite different. Okay, good. Anybody else, any of these lists, any of the lists in comparison to one another. And we just have a couple more minutes. This is really what I wanted to do today is jump back into getting our minds thinking sociologically and about these things. Thoughts any thoughts about this. It's interesting to hear what like trans people would have said to this question, because, like we talked about that for the male and female gender question and I feel like trans people are just more sure of how they identify as themselves. And so how they would feel like even just having their own question, instead of just being included in the male or female section. Absolutely. Um, I had several trans students, transgender students approach me for not having a separate question. Over the years. And so I'm really trying to guide this and is sort of that's why I have that sort of umbrella piece, you know, that's a bit more inclusive because that's always, you know, this is always my goal. Yes to what you said as well. Good. Anything else. All right. Looks like there's a discussion this week. Is there discussion this week. Is that right. Is that what I saw maybe starting on the 22nd. Are we supposed to get snow. I'm asking a rhetorical question we're supposed to get snow right. I'm a farmer I know this. I'm glad it didn't break a bunch of trees last week kind of like dwindled down to nothing it's raining which is much needed. Not a big fan of the emergency protocol of saving four acres worth of trees, but I don't think we'll have to worry about that. So, is there anything else heads up as far as what's going on online. Um, yeah we're jumping into this chapter I don't know I don't really, I don't I can't think of anything else so since it's 150 be good people do good things, mask up stay safe. I hope I hope that, you know, if it's available to you and I think it is now in Colorado I think is Moby arena going to be used as a vaccination site. Is that right, or is currently. I thought I had read that but No projects have been graded. The grant assistants need their lives, too. And so last week was people get their lives, to a certain degree. I'm sure they're working on papers I'm sure you're working on stuff. Rest assured though, uh, that you probably had more fun than I know. I shouldn't be your measuring stick. I have lots of fun. Maybe I should be your measuring anyway. All right. Do all those things. If you have any other questions, please reach out. I'll post this video. Take care everybody. Peace. Reach out if you need anything.