And these individuals would come and really, really just talk for a whole class period and what my students knew, what I knew, the breadth of that experience was, I think, like so much more unknown than fast forward 15 years. Some of these individuals I wish I could still have. I don't know how to get a hold of a few of the folks that were talking to our class, but really amazing and educational for students from my classes around this issue. So I would say, yeah, massive, massive changes. What are those changes? I think we'll get to them. But if I had one word that just popped into my head over the last 15 years, that would be fluidity. If we're talking about gender, I would say that the biggest change has come in the fluidity surrounding gender. Do you think our generation is more open to gender differences than your generation or our parents' generations? Well, certainly my parents' generations. Probably my generation too, when you are trained as a sociologist, you win for life. Once you're trained as a sociologist, you don't go into things about race or gender. You don't stop thinking about those things. You've learned those things. So you just keep absorbing that. So I don't feel like I've been shocked or thrown off or unaccepting about anything in the last 20 some years because that's just the protocol for how I think that the people I've surrounded myself come to see the world. Do I think there are people my age 47 that just don't get it? Absolutely. Absolutely. And I will say this. Anybody who has not had that experience doesn't get it. Right? So like I can only lecture so much about the trans community. I can only lecture so much about race because I can only understand so much about these things. That being said, I think generational differences are huge. Now I don't know what that's going to turn into when maybe that's the whole goal of everything we talk about all semester long. Maybe in 50 years, gender is fluid, race is fluid, equality is because of people's attitudes is closer anyway, and then these things are important to people. But instead of defining these things and always like stressful or negative ways, we embrace the awesomeness around that. I mean, there you go. That's my hope. So, but still some pretty big generational differences. And I say things around the house that my boys look at me and now a lot of times it's purposeful. And I'm just trying to like catch them about things because that's a training and a teaching moment. Sometimes I'll say something and the boys are like, Dad, Dad, Dad. I'll be like, what, what, what? And they'll be like, come in here. So, all right, let's look at this. And I had some interesting answers already. Now, normally, and I think I mentioned the beginning of class for the semester when I say describe the female gender in one word or male gender in one word, normally the lists in a live class that are like 100 long. It's, it's intense and it's fiery and sure it's filled with stereotypes and it's filled with truth. That's, that's what I was going to say is one of the things that I saw today is there was an answer I think across the board that said, this is stereotyping, which, of course, it can be. But it's certainly not designed as that. And I think of a lot of the information that we get from this question, certainly not inherently stereotypical. Some of this very real very good reflections and interesting stuff some of it, what we hear all the time and stereotypical. So we'll look at these lists. I wasn't asking, oh, how long have I been using top hat for, I don't know eight or nine years at first I wasn't asking this I was, I was asking things I think just female male and and wasn't trying to ignore transgender communities, but I was just by not asking that, really. There's some other reasons that that early on I wasn't asking that and that is because of a lot of the misinterpretation and negativity surrounding surrounding different genders that so many people just don't understand so I think these lists are good I think there's some value to them and of course there'll be some stereotyping in it but I've already read a couple of them over and I was like, wow, these are, these are pretty good so let's, let's or interesting anyway and I think learning, right, I think there's room for learning so before what's the biggest change that needs to happen is gender inequality, if you haven't logged in yet. Log on really quick to top hat. Answer a couple questions while we're sitting here but let me just start is and describe the male gender, let's just start, let's start right out of the gate. So let me say, um, that in the past. If I'm ever too loud or too quiet just let me know if somebody give me a signal or type something in these this list about describe the male gender has not historically been a positive one. Um, I think there are a lot of positive things about people who identify with the gender male, I'm, I'm, I'm one of those, you know, people in that list. That being said, uh, you know, let's breathe and be mindful, right, and realize that this may not be fully embracing your maleness, because there's all sorts of learning to be done. Okay, let me read this list.