Sexually aggressive. I mean have you seen some of the early Bonds, like the 1960s Sean Connery ones where he's just slapping people into sex? Oh my goodness. Yes, and also check this out. What has changed is when I was a kid for Halloween costumes, all the superhero costumes were just like costumes, but when the boys were little they started adding the padded muscles. Like in 20 years it went from just like you are the superhero to like throwing all the extra like right now I understand you want to dress up like the Hulk, you gotta have some muscles. I get it, I get it. But still, right? Okay, so anything else about this list? Yeah. Oh, sorry, go ahead Bella. Okay, I'll go. I would just like to say I think it'd be interesting to see what answers guys put for this as opposed to what answers girls put. And vice versa for when we talk about one word to describe women. I've thought about this so much about splitting these questions up. Answer this question if you identify as male, right? And then answer this question if you identify as transgender. Whew, there's just so many questions. But, but, sorry, pointing, excuse me, virtual pointing. I hate it when I do that in class. But that's a huge piece of this, right? I mean, there's potentially men who are answering toxic. Right, we have to understand that just like we know and I've alluded before when I was like, I was a stay at home dad, I was on the playground all the time, it was me and like 10 moms. And I always heard, always, every time I was there and somebody fell down and scraped a knee, it was a mom because really I'm usually the only dad that would say get up, don't cry, be a man. Right, so we so just like males can identify toxicity and males, females can be the ones that start that, or that have a big role in that or play a big role in that. Socks, but true, right? Okay, good. That's how a sociologist thinks. Okay, Bella. Um, I was just gonna say, like, commenting on what Connor said I think it's kind of an odd observation because, of course, these answers are going to be based on our experiences. That is the only thing we have to base them off of. Because even if it's not our personal experiences with men, it's our experience with media, it's our experience with marketing, like what Jason was saying about Halloween costumes. I'm sure like we have noticed the added muscles and stuff but I'm sure we've also noticed the sexualization of young girls when it comes to Halloween costumes, and how like all of them are more focused on fashion than the actual costume like it's just based on our personal experiences with the world and that's what like sociology is so I think of course they're going to be based on that. I think of course they're going to be based on our experiences of men. And like, what we were saying about like our views on our own gender like when I answered the female question I said that we were very divisive because, like, in my opinion, some of the people who are working hardest against feminist ideals are TERFs, they're trans exclusionary radical feminists like they are doing a lot of harm to women. And like, just because I am a woman doesn't mean I can't see the downfalls in my own community. Very well said and I'm writing that down actually I'm writing that that term down right now because because I'm going to go check that out. I've not heard that used. Excellent. Okay, anything else, this list. And we could really spend a whole class here talking about gender and Halloween. Couldn't we. I mean, you know, if there's not a more. What do I, what can I say about how, yeah, I just that's all I'm gonna say like there's so there's playful stuff with it there's just work stuff with it, there's like a reversal on one day of stuff that you'd like to do but that you won't every other I mean it's it's so much with gender and Halloween. Okay, I'm going to head over to the list. I describe the female gender in one word, seven strong, three feminine three powerful to underestimated to resilient to fighting one vagina. Awesome driven underappreciated patient ambitious lesser emotional neutral shorter. I'm just hoping that that comes from the same person that put tall, like, like, I'm such an emotional thinker. But then when I run into people like my son like storm that are very logical. I'm not that person. I'm not the, the, the sort of more logical, reliable. This is stereotyping accommodating outgoing non dominant controlled underrepresented feared mothers below motivated overlooked a lot suppressed sensitive fighters undervalued empowered. I would like to say that this list disappoints me every single time, because nobody's ever like dad. You know, and we really did only get one mom thing. But, but we'll talk about that, that, because that's a passion of mine as far as like gender roles and parenting and things like that. Okay, let's absorb that absorbing absorbing absorbing super cuter computer brain processing now. Thoughts. I'd like to add one to that list I already add, I already put mine but like, I'd like to add manipulative, I saw that on the mail list, and I thought it applied more to women to be honest because we have that history of needing to make men think that our