ideas are their ideas in order to get what we want. And so that's kind of just ingrained in the female brain modernly, I feel like. Good addition. All right. And processing that because it's because. All right, what else other observations about this list. I noticed I think it was just emotional or something like something along the lines of just calling us emotional. And to me that immediately brought up a lot of them. Emotions I guess the best way to put that that's not not in this they're not the same. But, um, so what I was thinking is, I growing up was told that like whenever I felt even the smallest thing I was just being over emotional because I was a woman. And I was like, oh my gosh, I'm so emotional. So even the smallest little bit of emotion was too much. And then I also thought back on like how guys are sometimes like oh my gosh, your girl is so much when she's on her period. That's not because of estrogen that's because of testosterone, which is the thing that isn't guys. And so like, for me it's just like the emotional thing is weird, because we're always like profiled as emotional but then we're also told we're not allowed to feel our emotions. So I just to me that just seems like a weird pair like not parallel contradiction. There we go. That's the word. I feel like this is a good moment to tell you all that I just hope you're surviving this life, and I love you. As I, as we start to like unravel how messed up everything is I mean I just feel like that sometimes, oh it's chapter of stratification. Oh, it's the chapter. How does anybody even make it this far is a question that I get sometimes in my head. So anyway I hope you are all well considering considering this world right. I feel like it's a paradox I feel I don't remember seeing that one but someone said agreed. Other thoughts about this list. I thought it was kind of interesting that there wasn't more like descriptive words about appearance, just because people focus so much on a woman's appearance but I also do think that this was more inviting words describing personality, like, because I think that was kind of the, like the way we were answering this question and the way it was proposed it was more like, give me a word that describes how women work think, act, and whereas when we like looked up women's Halloween costumes it was like very sexual, because it was a visual thing. So, I like kind of makes sense but I was still surprised. Good. How are men viewed as the less emotional gender when they're the ones emotional enough to commit. Yes, we are emotional beings. And it's too bad that folks have weaponized that against people so that they can't feel a full range of human emotion or feel like they could. Other comments. Perhaps, and perhaps, again, what's the gender makeup and I don't I wouldn't know just by reading names but what's if we had people self identify what's the gender makeup the people responding to the top hat questions. You know like right like we can just look at this across the board. And I think that yields answers and interesting data. Okay, so we have a couple of questions here. So who's participating and how does that reflect good. Anything else about these lists. Okay, move to the next one. All right. Three responses brave six misunderstood three valid three oppressed to underrepresented to change to strong to difficult to varied wonderful finally themselves neutral expressive distressed in the sense that they suffer from distress as a result of their gender dysphoria marginalized unknown. I'm going to read the next one. Confident, judged changing switching true hormones identity honest with oneself unique overlooked fighting a person, understanding once true self outside of your physical attributes are born sex equal discriminated powerful different minority proud identity, individual experience. I think that comes to mind right away but I don't want to jump in line, since I'm talking all the time thoughts about this list. Um, I thought it was like, well, personally, because I grew up with a transgender friend to me it's weird to like separate them you know because to me. Okay, they're okay that just I asked a question the chat and it got answered but um, so for me it's like, I never viewed them as like their own separate thing just because I do I did it, I view gender identity as like a more of a social construct think about the physical and so having this be a separate question to me was a little weird. When they honestly themselves would identify as one of the two, like, normally. And then I also noticed that in all the answers there was a lot of people just being like, it's completely like valid and normal and it's honest and so that's just something I noticed I guess. Good. Other thoughts.