I have a time-sensitive course. You can ask students who have had me before, people in this class have had me before. I don't assign something and say, you know, you need to turn this in between 11 and 2 on Friday or I'm not taking it. Okay, basically how I run every assignment, including quizzes and tests, is I will publish the activities, the quizzes, the tests, and I'll give you basically like a week to work on them. Okay, the reason is is that as I've gone through this and I was the same way as a student, I'm not that much older than you guys, some people work better at different times of the day. Some people like to get things done at 9 a.m. Some people like to get things done at 11 p.m., 2 a.m. Okay, so some people like to do things on Sunday. Some people like to do things on Friday nights, you know. So the reason I just sort of give you a long swath of whenever you want to turn things in, perfectly fine, okay. You know, for instance, I'll make, you know, the quizzes and tests and stuff, I'll publish them on, you know, usually the Mondays after class and then I'll say make sure this is in by next Monday. And some people will turn it in that day on Monday. I was not one of those students. I was the guy who was waiting until Sunday to turn it in for that Monday, all right. Just how I was, okay. So everybody's a little bit different on how you turn things in. So good question. And this is a great question that people ask me all the time. So, and this is a typical good question that students ask, that students ask. How long should the posts be? How long should the forum post be? And I even like put things in the forum posts from time to time about how long they should be. I'm not a big believer in saying this must be, make sure you write a 2,500 word post and if it's anything less, I'm going to put the Google word count on your post. No. Some people are able to communicate thoughts in a couple sentences. Other people are a little bit more long-winded and it takes them a little while to get things out. There's no set length for any post. There's no set length for any answer on a quiz or a test. I am a big believer in you answer it to the fullest that you believe you think you have communicated it. And lastly, the big thing with this is imagine that for instance, if you're doing like a test answer or quiz answer, imagine that you're answering it for someone who has no clue what you're talking about. A lot of people will, and this goes not just for my class, but for all college classes, okay. Don't assume that the prof knows what you're talking about. Okay. That's something that people generally do sometimes on quizzes and tests. They'll cut their answers short and they'll be like, oh, he knows what I'm talking about. She knows what I mean by that. Don't do that, okay. Don't assume that the professor or that really anybody knows what you're talking about. Answer it in a way whereas you're trying to explain it to someone who might not know anything about the question. Okay. That way you get your bases covered. And more often than not, that way you're going to score the best on those types of things. With the forum posts, okay. I am a big believer in the forum posts in the section where you reply to your classmates, okay. And you can ask the people who've had me in class before and anything going on with how I do my forum posts. The replies, you're required to reply to at least one classmate on every forum post, okay. But what you're going to find out is students who reply to a couple different people or write a couple nice comments to a few different students. What you're going to find out is those types of forum posts, it's in the forum where you're going to have your best opportunity to pick up bonus points, okay. So if you reply to two, three classmates and you get like a little conversation going with with two of your classmates and you say, hey, I like your post, but I don't know what you mean by this. Or I really like this post and here's why I like this post and here's what I want to say on top of it. Okay. That guys is a great way to score 26, 27, 28, 29, 30 out of 25. All right. I am a huge believer in bonus points. I don't give extra credit, meaning that I don't, uh, you know, a student can't come to me in November and be like, Egan, um, I need to do some extra credit to pick up some points in your class. And I'll do that. Um, the extra credit is awarded during the assignment. Okay. The bonus points are awarded during the assignments. So