Awesome, there we go. Happy Friday to you guys. I hope that your first week is going well. Here's some things, some announcements for today and for the weekend, and then we can get into just a few brief things of what we want to do today. And then we'll go ahead and get on and get out of here. First thing, as we move through into next week, here's the big announcement. I'll put this in the chat as well. Down here. We are, next week, we're not going to be meeting at 11 a.m. on Monday or Friday. I'm not going to be available because of some schedule things and some other things going on to be able to be on a Zoom at 11 a.m. on Monday or on Friday. It's like I said, it's not that big a deal. The class will run perfectly fine. I'll explain exactly what's going on next week. But as far as you and I are concerned, okay, and I'll send this link out as well. Our next meeting, all right, together with each other, will be on, that'll be Monday. That'll be August 31st. Okay, at 11 a.m. That'll be our next meeting. Okay, so the next time we're going to get together as a group in here will be Monday, August 31st. There'll be some things that we're doing next week. We'll talk about those. And we'll be able to get in to everything and do everything just fine for the next few days. I will be available all next week. You can send me messages. You can send me Canvas messages. I'll be perfectly available to respond. I'm just not going to be able to be in front of a computer at 11 a.m. on those days. Okay, so it's not that big a deal. But feel free, if you got any questions about what's going on or if you want to talk, go ahead and send those messages along. Check Canvas frequently. You know, this weekend, going into next week, we'll be doing a bunch of things. And we'll talk about exactly what we're going to be doing today. And then I'll put that up. Everything is going to be within learning module number one. Okay, so make sure that you're clicking on that module button or on the Begin the Class button on the main page. Okay, but everything we're going to be doing is going to be contained within that learning module number one. Okay, I don't know why I typed an F on the end of that one. I accidentally hit an F. It's just learning module number one, not one F. So check Canvas frequently. Some things that people have been asking me for this week, and a lot of us have been doing great work so far. And I'm going to throw some assessment up on those individual introduction posts. Some people have been asking me like where you find the rubric for assignments, okay, that I'm going to be using to put some points up on these things. Okay, so at the top of every assignment, you guys will see like three dots and will be like vertical dots at the top of the assignment. If you click on that little tab that has those three dots at the top of the assignment, it'll say Show Rubric. Okay, and you'll be able to open up the rubric and see how many points are available, what I'm looking for on the particular assignment, and how the point breakdown is going to work. Okay, usually for every single assignment, there's five points of the rubric will be for spelling and grammar and, you know, was it turned in completely, those types of things. Okay, and then the other 20, 25 points will be for other types of things. But just to keep that in mind, that's how you find the rubrics. So now I'll open the floor up to you guys for a little bit. If you do have any syllabus questions that I wanted you to bring today to talk about. All right, so if anybody has any, you throw them into the chat, you can put them in the public chat, you can send me private chats and I'll answer your questions. You can unmute yourself and ask the question however you want to. Okay, but go ahead and fire off questions if we have any. And I'll use this time also to think of other things, maybe that we didn't go over from the syllabus. I do have a question. Yes, Connors. It's not based on the syllabus, it's based on homework. So the only thing we have to do is a Sunday, right? The module? Yeah, well, I mean, yeah, it's due by, I think I put the last, you can turn it in by next Monday at 11. Okay. Yep, just one thing. So the only thing, guys, and this is a question that students sometimes have, all right, this is not a, even though we're meeting synchronously, two times a week, Mondays and Fridays, this is not a,