We're going to be doing some stuff from the texts that we have. We're going to be watching a couple videos next week. And we're going to be doing a couple of activities. Next week, guys, there's going to be two learning activities that are going to be posted on Sunday night. Okay, we're probably sooner than that. Two learning activities, both due at the latest by that Monday when we get back to class, which is August 31st. Okay, we're going to be doing two things next week. Yeah, where the learning activity is going to be posted. Oh, I'm going to get those up. Michael will be up before the end of the day today. Okay, cool. Is that being like the module sections? Everything will be under learning module number one. Okay, so what we're doing next week is we're going to do forum post number two. All right. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so you guys having a good chat out there. Yeah, the book, guys, remember, you can just click on the picture of the book on the main Canvas page and download that PDF. Next week, we're doing forum post number two. And we're going to do our first class prep activity, CPA number one. Okay. And both of those are going to be due at the latest. Ideally, like, you know, try to get them in before, you know, 11 a.m. on August 31st. But you got all next week to work on forum post number two, maybe get in a reply or two to your classmates. And then get in CPA number one. Okay. What are these things going to be over? Okay. CPA number one. Okay. And we're going to talk about this. And I want to have a discussion of it when we get into class on that Monday. Okay. The big thing I want to ask you guys is what do you believe from reading through Chapter one and a little bit of Chapter two are the most important things to have that make up a civilization? Basically, guys, what we're getting into this week is what makes civilization happen. Okay. What do you believe is the most important thing that makes civilization happen? It's that simple. Okay. But it's not a simple question. But your Chapter one and two gets into a couple different things on what civilization is. Here's the thing with me, guys, is there's never really a wrong answer in my class. There's, you know, I shouldn't say that. You know, who's the main Greek god? You know, and you put Poseidon and it's really Zeus. Okay, that's wrong. Okay. But as far as like asking a question like what do you think is the most important thing that a civilization has to have, everybody can come up with different answers to that. Okay. So for instance, if somebody would come up to me off the street and say, hey, Egan, what do you think the most important thing that makes civilization? Okay. My answer probably right off the top would be a civil. I would look at a society and say, okay, that society is civilized if they have some sort of written laws. Okay. That's just that's just my answer. It doesn't mean that it's the best answer. It's just the one that I would choose. Maybe it's the one you choose. Okay. Or maybe you choose something else. Maybe as you read and watch and go through the text and the notes, maybe you look at it and you're like, I think that the most important thing a civilization has to have are big buildings like giant monumental buildings like pyramids or big architecture. You know, when you see that, you're like, ah, that's a civilization. Okay. So whatever you guys want to choose, there's many, many, many answers that you're going to be able to come up with. Okay. And that's going to be the CPA. Basically, you're going to be answering a question for the following Monday of what you think the most important thing is that makes a civilization happen. Okay. Okay. So the CPAs are different than the forum posts. Okay. All forum posts. On Canvas. Okay. The CPAs. Are handed in. Okay. So basically, you're going to be getting your thoughts on the CPA. And then you're going to be getting them sent to me, your friendly professor. Via an email or Canvas message. By the due date. Okay. So basically I'm the only one that gets to see your thoughts on the CPA. Unless you want to and hopefully give some of your thoughts during the discussion of the CPA. That Monday. Okay. So that's the first thing. The second thing is that you can send your thoughts to me. And then I can also find them on the thing when I put it on Canvas. That's just something that you type up in a pages or a Word document and you send it to me in a message or an email. Okay.