If you make the forum post awesome and then you reply to a couple people, you can be for darn sure that I'm going to be throwing some bonus points in the back end of that forum post for everybody. Okay? Well, not for everybody, but for you in general. All right? It's a great way to pick up some bonus points to reply to a couple different people. Okay? Okay. So, that's the only thing that's got to be just set in stone. And that's November 30th to December the 3rd. Okay? That really, guys, is the only set in stone date. The reason is my classes move in different ways and different speeds sometimes, depending on you guys. Okay? I am not a person who like, see, what I hated on syllabus in the past is I would say, well, I want to be done by Egypt on September the 15th. And then when we got to September the 15th, we weren't quite done with Egypt, but it was like, but the syllabus says we must move on and we move on. Like two years ago in my class, one of the classes really got into and we had a really cool discussion for a couple days on the Egyptian gods. People just liked them. It was fun. It was cool. We were bringing in stuff. People were bringing It was just a cool thing to talk about for a couple of days was the Egyptian gods. And so we spent an extra day or two on Egypt. And that's why I don't put dates on certain subject matters and things with the syllabus. Okay? Basically, what you guys can expect is when we finish out a learning module, okay? So for instance, when we finish out this learning module with number one, okay, which is early prehistoric people in Mesopotamia, you can always expect a quiz to come after at the back end of the learning module. Does that make sense? Okay. So when we're done with a learning module and you saw from the syllabus that there's going to be five of them, okay, that you can expect a quiz on the back end of those first four, since there's going to be four quizzes worth 50 points. The last module which we're going to go over, which is going to be Islam and the Middle Eastern and Arabian world, that stuff will be contained on the final exam. Does that make sense? Okay, so just giving you guys a heads up of what's going forward. Any other questions all syllabus wise? And then like, you know, for instance, final exam week, I'll make the final exam available at the very start of final exam week and you'll have the entire week to do it. Like you can take it whenever you want during exam week at the beginning and get it over with. You can take it at the very end and have it be the last thing that you do. One of the things that you'll see on the final exam is that it's worth 150 points. And that doesn't mean it's worth 150 points because I'm going to ask you 150 questions from the entire semester all the way up to that point. I am not going to ask you about paleolithic or neolithic, which are things we're going to go over this weekend. I'm not going to ask you about Stone Age and Neanderthal Man on the final exam that we learned on August the 21st, because that's just that's just cool and unusual. Okay. And so I don't I'm not going to do that. The final exam, the reason why it's worth 150 points. Yeah, that's a good question. Brooks, that's a good question. All tests on Canvas are timed. I have a question. Hi. Yes, go ahead. So we're gonna have just final exam or we're going to have midterm too. No, there is no midterm exam. Thank you. That's it. And that's a great question. There is no midterm exam. There's there's four quizzes at the end of each of the first four modules. And then there's the final exam, which will contain things, big items from throughout the whole semester. Okay. But it's not going to be Oh, yeah, yeah, cam. Great question. Yes. Every thing is open to use on all of the quizzes and the final exam. Okay, you can use your notes, you can use the PowerPoints, you can use your book, you can use whatever you want. Okay, I would hope that you would take some notes on some of the videos that we're going to show. And you throw in some some some video answers. The only thing that I try to steer you away from is on the tests and the quizzes and the final exam is to and you know, you're going to be able to do this like the test is going to be in front of you on your computer and you're going to be able and it's going to say like, you know,