[0m_6m]
Awesome, there we go. Happy Friday to you guys. I hope that your first week is going well. Here's some things, some announcements for today and for the weekend, and then we can get into just a few brief things of what we want to do today. And then we'll go ahead and get on and get out of here. First thing, as we move through into next week, here's the big announcement. I'll put this in the chat as well. Down here. We are, next week, we're not going to be meeting at 11 a.m. on Monday or Friday. I'm not going to be available because of some schedule things and some other things going on to be able to be on a Zoom at 11 a.m. on Monday or on Friday. It's like I said, it's not that big a deal. The class will run perfectly fine. I'll explain exactly what's going on next week. But as far as you and I are concerned, okay, and I'll send this link out as well. Our next meeting, all right, together with each other, will be on, that'll be Monday. That'll be August 31st. Okay, at 11 a.m. That'll be our next meeting. Okay, so the next time we're going to get together as a group in here will be Monday, August 31st. There'll be some things that we're doing next week. We'll talk about those. And we'll be able to get in to everything and do everything just fine for the next few days. I will be available all next week. You can send me messages. You can send me Canvas messages. I'll be perfectly available to respond. I'm just not going to be able to be in front of a computer at 11 a.m. on those days. Okay, so it's not that big a deal. But feel free, if you got any questions about what's going on or if you want to talk, go ahead and send those messages along. Check Canvas frequently. You know, this weekend, going into next week, we'll be doing a bunch of things. And we'll talk about exactly what we're going to be doing today. And then I'll put that up. Everything is going to be within learning module number one. Okay, so make sure that you're clicking on that module button or on the Begin the Class button on the main page. Okay, but everything we're going to be doing is going to be contained within that learning module number one. Okay, I don't know why I typed an F on the end of that one. I accidentally hit an F. It's just learning module number one, not one F. So check Canvas frequently. Some things that people have been asking me for this week, and a lot of us have been doing great work so far. And I'm going to throw some assessment up on those individual introduction posts. Some people have been asking me like where you find the rubric for assignments, okay, that I'm going to be using to put some points up on these things. Okay, so at the top of every assignment, you guys will see like three dots and will be like vertical dots at the top of the assignment. If you click on that little tab that has those three dots at the top of the assignment, it'll say Show Rubric. Okay, and you'll be able to open up the rubric and see how many points are available, what I'm looking for on the particular assignment, and how the point breakdown is going to work. Okay, usually for every single assignment, there's five points of the rubric will be for spelling and grammar and, you know, was it turned in completely, those types of things. Okay, and then the other 20, 25 points will be for other types of things. But just to keep that in mind, that's how you find the rubrics. So now I'll open the floor up to you guys for a little bit. If you do have any syllabus questions that I wanted you to bring today to talk about. All right, so if anybody has any, you throw them into the chat, you can put them in the public chat, you can send me private chats and I'll answer your questions. You can unmute yourself and ask the question however you want to. Okay, but go ahead and fire off questions if we have any. And I'll use this time also to think of other things, maybe that we didn't go over from the syllabus. I do have a question. Yes, Connors. It's not based on the syllabus, it's based on homework. So the only thing we have to do is a Sunday, right? The module? Yeah, well, I mean, yeah, it's due by, I think I put the last, you can turn it in by next Monday at 11. Okay. Yep, just one thing. So the only thing, guys, and this is a question that students sometimes have, all right, this is not a, even though we're meeting synchronously, two times a week, Mondays and Fridays, this is not a,

[6m_12m]
I have a time-sensitive course. You can ask students who have had me before, people in this class have had me before. I don't assign something and say, you know, you need to turn this in between 11 and 2 on Friday or I'm not taking it. Okay, basically how I run every assignment, including quizzes and tests, is I will publish the activities, the quizzes, the tests, and I'll give you basically like a week to work on them. Okay, the reason is is that as I've gone through this and I was the same way as a student, I'm not that much older than you guys, some people work better at different times of the day. Some people like to get things done at 9 a.m. Some people like to get things done at 11 p.m., 2 a.m. Okay, so some people like to do things on Sunday. Some people like to do things on Friday nights, you know. So the reason I just sort of give you a long swath of whenever you want to turn things in, perfectly fine, okay. You know, for instance, I'll make, you know, the quizzes and tests and stuff, I'll publish them on, you know, usually the Mondays after class and then I'll say make sure this is in by next Monday. And some people will turn it in that day on Monday. I was not one of those students. I was the guy who was waiting until Sunday to turn it in for that Monday, all right. Just how I was, okay. So everybody's a little bit different on how you turn things in. So good question. And this is a great question that people ask me all the time. So, and this is a typical good question that students ask, that students ask. How long should the posts be? How long should the forum post be? And I even like put things in the forum posts from time to time about how long they should be. I'm not a big believer in saying this must be, make sure you write a 2,500 word post and if it's anything less, I'm going to put the Google word count on your post. No. Some people are able to communicate thoughts in a couple sentences. Other people are a little bit more long-winded and it takes them a little while to get things out. There's no set length for any post. There's no set length for any answer on a quiz or a test. I am a big believer in you answer it to the fullest that you believe you think you have communicated it. And lastly, the big thing with this is imagine that for instance, if you're doing like a test answer or quiz answer, imagine that you're answering it for someone who has no clue what you're talking about. A lot of people will, and this goes not just for my class, but for all college classes, okay. Don't assume that the prof knows what you're talking about. Okay. That's something that people generally do sometimes on quizzes and tests. They'll cut their answers short and they'll be like, oh, he knows what I'm talking about. She knows what I mean by that. Don't do that, okay. Don't assume that the professor or that really anybody knows what you're talking about. Answer it in a way whereas you're trying to explain it to someone who might not know anything about the question. Okay. That way you get your bases covered. And more often than not, that way you're going to score the best on those types of things. With the forum posts, okay. I am a big believer in the forum posts in the section where you reply to your classmates, okay. And you can ask the people who've had me in class before and anything going on with how I do my forum posts. The replies, you're required to reply to at least one classmate on every forum post, okay. But what you're going to find out is students who reply to a couple different people or write a couple nice comments to a few different students. What you're going to find out is those types of forum posts, it's in the forum where you're going to have your best opportunity to pick up bonus points, okay. So if you reply to two, three classmates and you get like a little conversation going with with two of your classmates and you say, hey, I like your post, but I don't know what you mean by this. Or I really like this post and here's why I like this post and here's what I want to say on top of it. Okay. That guys is a great way to score 26, 27, 28, 29, 30 out of 25. All right. I am a huge believer in bonus points. I don't give extra credit, meaning that I don't, uh, you know, a student can't come to me in November and be like, Egan, um, I need to do some extra credit to pick up some points in your class. And I'll do that. Um, the extra credit is awarded during the assignment. Okay. The bonus points are awarded during the assignments. So

[12m_18m]
If you make the forum post awesome and then you reply to a couple people, you can be for darn sure that I'm going to be throwing some bonus points in the back end of that forum post for everybody. Okay? Well, not for everybody, but for you in general. All right? It's a great way to pick up some bonus points to reply to a couple different people. Okay? Okay. So, that's the only thing that's got to be just set in stone. And that's November 30th to December the 3rd. Okay? That really, guys, is the only set in stone date. The reason is my classes move in different ways and different speeds sometimes, depending on you guys. Okay? I am not a person who like, see, what I hated on syllabus in the past is I would say, well, I want to be done by Egypt on September the 15th. And then when we got to September the 15th, we weren't quite done with Egypt, but it was like, but the syllabus says we must move on and we move on. Like two years ago in my class, one of the classes really got into and we had a really cool discussion for a couple days on the Egyptian gods. People just liked them. It was fun. It was cool. We were bringing in stuff. People were bringing It was just a cool thing to talk about for a couple of days was the Egyptian gods. And so we spent an extra day or two on Egypt. And that's why I don't put dates on certain subject matters and things with the syllabus. Okay? Basically, what you guys can expect is when we finish out a learning module, okay? So for instance, when we finish out this learning module with number one, okay, which is early prehistoric people in Mesopotamia, you can always expect a quiz to come after at the back end of the learning module. Does that make sense? Okay. So when we're done with a learning module and you saw from the syllabus that there's going to be five of them, okay, that you can expect a quiz on the back end of those first four, since there's going to be four quizzes worth 50 points. The last module which we're going to go over, which is going to be Islam and the Middle Eastern and Arabian world, that stuff will be contained on the final exam. Does that make sense? Okay, so just giving you guys a heads up of what's going forward. Any other questions all syllabus wise? And then like, you know, for instance, final exam week, I'll make the final exam available at the very start of final exam week and you'll have the entire week to do it. Like you can take it whenever you want during exam week at the beginning and get it over with. You can take it at the very end and have it be the last thing that you do. One of the things that you'll see on the final exam is that it's worth 150 points. And that doesn't mean it's worth 150 points because I'm going to ask you 150 questions from the entire semester all the way up to that point. I am not going to ask you about paleolithic or neolithic, which are things we're going to go over this weekend. I'm not going to ask you about Stone Age and Neanderthal Man on the final exam that we learned on August the 21st, because that's just that's just cool and unusual. Okay. And so I don't I'm not going to do that. The final exam, the reason why it's worth 150 points. Yeah, that's a good question. Brooks, that's a good question. All tests on Canvas are timed. I have a question. Hi. Yes, go ahead. So we're gonna have just final exam or we're going to have midterm too. No, there is no midterm exam. Thank you. That's it. And that's a great question. There is no midterm exam. There's there's four quizzes at the end of each of the first four modules. And then there's the final exam, which will contain things, big items from throughout the whole semester. Okay. But it's not going to be Oh, yeah, yeah, cam. Great question. Yes. Every thing is open to use on all of the quizzes and the final exam. Okay, you can use your notes, you can use the PowerPoints, you can use your book, you can use whatever you want. Okay, I would hope that you would take some notes on some of the videos that we're going to show. And you throw in some some some video answers. The only thing that I try to steer you away from is on the tests and the quizzes and the final exam is to and you know, you're going to be able to do this like the test is going to be in front of you on your computer and you're going to be able and it's going to say like, you know,

[18m_24m]
For instance, talk about Zeus and Poseidon and the differences about the Greek gods or something like that. What you could do, and what some students have done in the past is they just immediately go to their phone and they go ahead and they Google up Zeus and Poseidon and grab something off of Wikipedia, grab something off of some site that pops up on Google and they throw that into their test. Now, that is not good. That will not work out well for you. What I want you to do is I want you to use all the stuff that the course has given you. Use your notes, use the book, use, like I said, stuff from videos. Don't sit there and throw in some answer from Google or some answer from whatever site you want to look up because it's not going to help you out and it's not going to be helpful or make your answer any better. Because what happens is after about a week or two, I'm going to get a pretty good sense of how you guys write and how you answer things by reading through some of your posts and those types of things. And then if all of a sudden on the quiz or the test you throw in something that sounds like it was written by Benjamin Franklin, we're going to have a problem because then all I'm going to do is I'm just going to be that guy. I hate to be that guy, but I'll just sort of tool around and figure out where you got that from because I'll be looking at it and saying, yeah, it doesn't sound like anything we went over in class. Okay, so I hate to be that guy. I don't want to be a hard guy and stuff, but just stick to the stuff that's learned in class. There's plenty of stuff. So to answer Cam's question, I'm going to be giving you plenty of stuff to answer questions. Just use the stuff from the course and you can use whatever you want. You can use whatever you want. Okay, everything's up. What else? Any other questions? These are good questions. This is good. This is good. Anything else about the quizzes or tests? Timed? Yeah, back to finish that question. Timed? Yes. But there, and you can ask, you know, Hannah was in my class last semester. Michael was in there. Can you guys confirm? I mean, there's plenty of time to get things done on the quizzes. Yeah, okay. There, yes, there's, I'm giving you guys plenty of time and, you know, if you need extra time or those types of considerations and things, I've been, you know, notified and we've all been in touch with each other about if you need longer time with those things. Okay. It's all there. Great. Great, great, great. All right. Good. We're at the, good. We're about 20, 25 minutes in. Good. We got about 10, 15 minutes left before we get out of here for the weekend. So I want to talk about what's going on next week coming up if that's cool with you guys. And then if you do have questions that pop up, feel free to throw them into the chat and I'll answer them as we move forward. Okay. So remember, we're not meeting here on Zoom next week and not Monday at 11, not Friday at 11. Next time we get together, it's going to be Monday, August 31st at 11. What's going on next week? Okay. So during next week, as far as, and I'll put all this on Canvas too, okay, as well. But I just want to give you a few things in the chat that I want you to start looking forward to if you want to read ahead. Okay. So as far as a reading schedule, okay, with chapter one, all right, I want you to read pages one through 20. All right. And in chapter two, we're not going to focus on, in any chapter, we're really not even going to go, I'm going to pick and choose certain things within each chapter because I'm not going to make you read every part of every chapter. That's just ridiculous. Okay. So we're going to be picking and choosing certain things. Within chapter two, I want you to read pages 21 through 35 for next week. Okay. Now I know that sounds like a lot. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry to make you read, what is that, 34 pages of book. My apologies. Don't hate me. I wouldn't know what to do if you guys didn't like me. I don't know if I could go on. The whole reason that, you know, and this is hard for me to say, the whole reason I got into teaching and being a college professor is to make friends with 18 to 22 year olds. I don't have many friends. No, some of you are laughing. All right. Good. Yeah. All right. Good. I'm just messing with you guys. Right. Just messing around. Look, the reading burden in here is not going to be a lot. What we do in here is we're going to read some

[24m_30m]
We're going to be doing some stuff from the texts that we have. We're going to be watching a couple videos next week. And we're going to be doing a couple of activities. Next week, guys, there's going to be two learning activities that are going to be posted on Sunday night. Okay, we're probably sooner than that. Two learning activities, both due at the latest by that Monday when we get back to class, which is August 31st. Okay, we're going to be doing two things next week. Yeah, where the learning activity is going to be posted. Oh, I'm going to get those up. Michael will be up before the end of the day today. Okay, cool. Is that being like the module sections? Everything will be under learning module number one. Okay, so what we're doing next week is we're going to do forum post number two. All right. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so you guys having a good chat out there. Yeah, the book, guys, remember, you can just click on the picture of the book on the main Canvas page and download that PDF. Next week, we're doing forum post number two. And we're going to do our first class prep activity, CPA number one. Okay. And both of those are going to be due at the latest. Ideally, like, you know, try to get them in before, you know, 11 a.m. on August 31st. But you got all next week to work on forum post number two, maybe get in a reply or two to your classmates. And then get in CPA number one. Okay. What are these things going to be over? Okay. CPA number one. Okay. And we're going to talk about this. And I want to have a discussion of it when we get into class on that Monday. Okay. The big thing I want to ask you guys is what do you believe from reading through Chapter one and a little bit of Chapter two are the most important things to have that make up a civilization? Basically, guys, what we're getting into this week is what makes civilization happen. Okay. What do you believe is the most important thing that makes civilization happen? It's that simple. Okay. But it's not a simple question. But your Chapter one and two gets into a couple different things on what civilization is. Here's the thing with me, guys, is there's never really a wrong answer in my class. There's, you know, I shouldn't say that. You know, who's the main Greek god? You know, and you put Poseidon and it's really Zeus. Okay, that's wrong. Okay. But as far as like asking a question like what do you think is the most important thing that a civilization has to have, everybody can come up with different answers to that. Okay. So for instance, if somebody would come up to me off the street and say, hey, Egan, what do you think the most important thing that makes civilization? Okay. My answer probably right off the top would be a civil. I would look at a society and say, okay, that society is civilized if they have some sort of written laws. Okay. That's just that's just my answer. It doesn't mean that it's the best answer. It's just the one that I would choose. Maybe it's the one you choose. Okay. Or maybe you choose something else. Maybe as you read and watch and go through the text and the notes, maybe you look at it and you're like, I think that the most important thing a civilization has to have are big buildings like giant monumental buildings like pyramids or big architecture. You know, when you see that, you're like, ah, that's a civilization. Okay. So whatever you guys want to choose, there's many, many, many answers that you're going to be able to come up with. Okay. And that's going to be the CPA. Basically, you're going to be answering a question for the following Monday of what you think the most important thing is that makes a civilization happen. Okay. Okay. So the CPAs are different than the forum posts. Okay. All forum posts. On Canvas. Okay. The CPAs. Are handed in. Okay. So basically, you're going to be getting your thoughts on the CPA. And then you're going to be getting them sent to me, your friendly professor. Via an email or Canvas message. By the due date. Okay. So basically I'm the only one that gets to see your thoughts on the CPA. Unless you want to and hopefully give some of your thoughts during the discussion of the CPA. That Monday. Okay. So that's the first thing. The second thing is that you can send your thoughts to me. And then I can also find them on the thing when I put it on Canvas. That's just something that you type up in a pages or a Word document and you send it to me in a message or an email. Okay.

[30m_36m]
It should be real easy, 9, 10, if you do really good, more than 10 points. It'll have a rubric with it, okay, so you'll be able to see what we're looking for. Yeah, yeah, and people asking great questions. Absolutely, you'll know all the assignments, like I said, guys, after class gets over today, and I put this recording up for us to watch if you had, if you want to review it. Everything else is going to be thrown up on Canvas later today. The CPA forum post number two, the videos that we'll be watching. And lastly, okay, probably one of the more important things for next week is what's going to take the place of our two meetings is instead of us getting together for two meetings, I'm going to put up two narrated video PowerPoints, okay, of our notes for chapters one and two, okay. Basically what I do is I'm going to go through the PowerPoint, like if we were having face-to-face class on campus, I would be doing some of the class with a PowerPoint up on the board and we would talk about it and look over some of the notes. What I found is if I try and do the PowerPoints and notes via this Zoom with you and I on Canvas, it turns into a complete bleep show. All right, and it doesn't work out well. So what I've done is I'm just going to make the videos myself and post on Canvas to you guys, me, your friendly prof, going through the notes on the PowerPoints without you having and you can view those whenever you want. You can view them at two in the afternoon. You can view them at two in the morning. Okay. And those notes, those PowerPoints are going to be those notes and those PowerPoints, and I'll put that on the chat for all to see here. Those notes and those PowerPoints of chapter one and chapter two are where a big part of the questions for the tests and quizzes are going to come from. Does that make sense to everybody? Okay, so I'm going to go ahead and put a couple of head nods, a couple of thumbs up. Okay, good. So the narrated PowerPoints, the video PowerPoints I'm going to be doing, those are going to be very important for you guys to review. So what I want you to do when you click play on those, try your hardest to be in somewhat of a distraction-free environment. So that you can just take a little bit of time. They're not long videos and I'm not sitting there for two hours going over the Mesopotamians. That's just, you know, it's stupid. All right, but take some time out of your day, whenever you want, and get your notes done on those. Okay. And because that's going to be the big part of where the bulk of the questions are going to be coming from on the quizzes at the end of the modules. Okay. So hopefully that makes sense to everybody. One of the things that we can do, like I said, we'll hang out here for five more minutes or so. One of the things that I've done, well mainly because I'm kind of a geek and I like to do this kind of stuff. You can print the book out. If you like to have the book like I do, where you want to like feel it and touch it and, you know, highlight it and stuff. You can print it out, you know, and make a little three hole punch like I'm a dork and I've done here, you know, and you can print out the book and then you can sort of go through it and highlight it. Or if you're all digital and you just want to look at it on your computer and highlight it that way, go right ahead. Okay. But it is as an open source, you are free to print it out and highlight it and do as you will with it. Okay. What else? Oh, okay. So let's just, just for a minute. I do want to kind of look at, you know, if we're looking at our book, I'll show you kind of where I am. Each part of the book has, and you can see here, they have page numbers. So I printed this out. This is what you're going to see on your computer digitally. But at the bottom of each of the digital pages, they do have a page number here. Okay. So when you're looking on your phone or your computer or even if you print it out, you'll see that each page has a page number. Okay. That is on that sheet. That is what I'm referring to when I go page numbers. Okay. And so, yeah, I mean, the, I don't know, like the new, if you guys had like printing restrictions, you know, you're only allowed to print out certain amounts of pages. My advice to you is not to print the whole book out, because nobody wants to print out. If you do front and back, it would be like 200 pages front and back. Don't do that. Just what I would do is I would wait until you see what's required, what I'm sort of requiring you to read, which is not going to be the bulk.

[36m_42m]
We're going to go through each chapter and then print out the page numbers for there. So in this case, for next week, we're reading through, what's the total there? Like 34 pages of reading. So if you print front and back, that's only 17 pages. Okay, that's your printing off. Okay. And I'm an environment guy too, so we don't want to be wasting paper and stuff like that or ink. So just kind of keep that in mind when you are clicking to do that. Okay. Awesome. What else? Okay, so as far as like forum post number two, okay, one of the cool things that we're going to be reading over next week, guys, is I'm going to have two videos on it and I'm going to have a link for it. And it's contained in chapter two as well. You've probably heard of this before. We're going to be going over this thing called Hammurabi's Code. Okay, everybody kind of knows it. Well, not everybody. Has anyone heard of Hammurabi's Code before? And if you have, what do you remember from it? You can type it in the chat or you can raise your hand and do whatever you want. There's like a famous line from Hammurabi's Code. Anybody remember? Oh, very good. Excellent. Good. So we got a couple people thrown in there. Good. Bailey, Nicholas, excellent. Eye for an eye. Yeah, that's everybody's kind of thing that they generally remember from Hammurabi's Code is an eye for an eye. You know, and then there's always the famous Gandhi quote, if you know anything about Mahatma Gandhi where he says an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind, which is a great quote. If you take it, you know, if you take an eye for an eye, but Hammurabi's Code, guys, you're going to be, it's going to be interesting as you read through it because certainly there's going to be all kinds of, but what I'm going to be most interested in is you're going to be reading through it and there's going to be cool parts of this law that you're going to never have imagined were around 3,000 years ago. Like there's medical malpractice law in here. Okay. And you're like what the bleep are you talking about like medical malpractice? Oh, yeah. They were very concerned about that too. Okay. Meaning that what like what happens if you go in for some sort of surgery and you die? They have laws for that. In ancient Mesopotamia, 3,000 years ago, they had laws for, you know, what if you're going for an operation and you die and what happens to the doctor? You know, those types of things. And it's interesting because well, I mean one of the laws is if you go in for an operation, you know, say you need your appendix out or something like that and you don't make it, they end up doing some pretty bad things to the doctor. Right. In some cases, the doctor might lose a hand. In some cases, the doctor might be out of his life too. Okay. So who would want to be a doctor in ancient Mesopotamia? No, okay. So the thing is, is that is some of these laws end up having a negative consequence for the society. And we'll be talking about some of those different things that you guys find interesting about Hammurabi's Code. You'll read about that in the second chapter. All right. So basically, as we sum up today, okay, I want you guys just to make sure that you have an understanding of what's going on next week. Okay. We are not meeting in person Monday or Friday. Everything will be up and ready to roll on Canvas by the end of today, Friday at night. All right. You'll have a couple PowerPoint videos. You'll have Forum Post number two and CPA number one to do. You got the whole week to do it. And you got some reading to do in the text. A whole 30 some pages and I'll throw in a couple cool five, seven minute videos on Hammurabi's Code to watch too. Okay. If you got any questions on anything going on next week on the course, don't hesitate to ask. Okay. But if you do, okay, question here, Brady. Yes. All these assignments, CPA one, Form two, PowerPoints under module number one in Canvas. Absolutely. Everything will be contained under module number one in Canvas. And I'll even send out an announcement slash email to you guys, let you know that everything's been posted. Okay. So that you can work on it. You can if you wanted to, guys, if you really wanted to get after it this weekend, you could basically knock this whole course out like all of next week's material. You can knock it out this weekend if you really put your mind to it and you could say, you know, Egan, I'll see you later. Not dealing with your class next week. I'll see you the following Monday. Perfectly fine. Perfectly okay with that. You don't have to stretch this out for the whole week at all. Okay. You could also, you know, procrastinate and not do anything with anything for the course until next Friday or Saturday. And you can shove it on the next weekend. I don't care. Just as long as the work gets done to the best of your ability and you think you're scoring the best you can. Is that cool? All right. So you guys can kind of do it whenever you kind of do it, however you want next week. And next time you and I will see each other.

[42m_48m]
The lecture is Monday, August 31st at 11 a.m. Is that cool? Awesome. Awesome. You know, be safe, have fun this weekend, you know, next week. You're in college for God's sake. Have fun, right? You know, be, you know, mindful of others and have some socially distant fun. What the hell kind of word is that? Socially distant fun? Are you even allowed to have fun? But, you know, I guess I'm just kidding around. Be safe, guys. Have fun. I'll see you in the Zoom on August 31st. Everything else is going to run itself and you can do it whenever you want. Cool? Awesome. All right. 45 minutes. We're in and out. Have a fantastic weekend, guys. If any of you want to try out for the Reds, I think they're having a bullpen tryout tomorrow night at Great American Ballpark. Anybody can go try out for the Reds because they stink and I may even go down and try out. All right. Good. All right. Talk to you guys soon. All right. Cheers.

[48m_54m]


[54m_60m]


