It should be real easy, 9, 10, if you do really good, more than 10 points. It'll have a rubric with it, okay, so you'll be able to see what we're looking for. Yeah, yeah, and people asking great questions. Absolutely, you'll know all the assignments, like I said, guys, after class gets over today, and I put this recording up for us to watch if you had, if you want to review it. Everything else is going to be thrown up on Canvas later today. The CPA forum post number two, the videos that we'll be watching. And lastly, okay, probably one of the more important things for next week is what's going to take the place of our two meetings is instead of us getting together for two meetings, I'm going to put up two narrated video PowerPoints, okay, of our notes for chapters one and two, okay. Basically what I do is I'm going to go through the PowerPoint, like if we were having face-to-face class on campus, I would be doing some of the class with a PowerPoint up on the board and we would talk about it and look over some of the notes. What I found is if I try and do the PowerPoints and notes via this Zoom with you and I on Canvas, it turns into a complete bleep show. All right, and it doesn't work out well. So what I've done is I'm just going to make the videos myself and post on Canvas to you guys, me, your friendly prof, going through the notes on the PowerPoints without you having and you can view those whenever you want. You can view them at two in the afternoon. You can view them at two in the morning. Okay. And those notes, those PowerPoints are going to be those notes and those PowerPoints, and I'll put that on the chat for all to see here. Those notes and those PowerPoints of chapter one and chapter two are where a big part of the questions for the tests and quizzes are going to come from. Does that make sense to everybody? Okay, so I'm going to go ahead and put a couple of head nods, a couple of thumbs up. Okay, good. So the narrated PowerPoints, the video PowerPoints I'm going to be doing, those are going to be very important for you guys to review. So what I want you to do when you click play on those, try your hardest to be in somewhat of a distraction-free environment. So that you can just take a little bit of time. They're not long videos and I'm not sitting there for two hours going over the Mesopotamians. That's just, you know, it's stupid. All right, but take some time out of your day, whenever you want, and get your notes done on those. Okay. And because that's going to be the big part of where the bulk of the questions are going to be coming from on the quizzes at the end of the modules. Okay. So hopefully that makes sense to everybody. One of the things that we can do, like I said, we'll hang out here for five more minutes or so. One of the things that I've done, well mainly because I'm kind of a geek and I like to do this kind of stuff. You can print the book out. If you like to have the book like I do, where you want to like feel it and touch it and, you know, highlight it and stuff. You can print it out, you know, and make a little three hole punch like I'm a dork and I've done here, you know, and you can print out the book and then you can sort of go through it and highlight it. Or if you're all digital and you just want to look at it on your computer and highlight it that way, go right ahead. Okay. But it is as an open source, you are free to print it out and highlight it and do as you will with it. Okay. What else? Oh, okay. So let's just, just for a minute. I do want to kind of look at, you know, if we're looking at our book, I'll show you kind of where I am. Each part of the book has, and you can see here, they have page numbers. So I printed this out. This is what you're going to see on your computer digitally. But at the bottom of each of the digital pages, they do have a page number here. Okay. So when you're looking on your phone or your computer or even if you print it out, you'll see that each page has a page number. Okay. That is on that sheet. That is what I'm referring to when I go page numbers. Okay. And so, yeah, I mean, the, I don't know, like the new, if you guys had like printing restrictions, you know, you're only allowed to print out certain amounts of pages. My advice to you is not to print the whole book out, because nobody wants to print out. If you do front and back, it would be like 200 pages front and back. Don't do that. Just what I would do is I would wait until you see what's required, what I'm sort of requiring you to read, which is not going to be the bulk.