We're going to go through each chapter and then print out the page numbers for there. So in this case, for next week, we're reading through, what's the total there? Like 34 pages of reading. So if you print front and back, that's only 17 pages. Okay, that's your printing off. Okay. And I'm an environment guy too, so we don't want to be wasting paper and stuff like that or ink. So just kind of keep that in mind when you are clicking to do that. Okay. Awesome. What else? Okay, so as far as like forum post number two, okay, one of the cool things that we're going to be reading over next week, guys, is I'm going to have two videos on it and I'm going to have a link for it. And it's contained in chapter two as well. You've probably heard of this before. We're going to be going over this thing called Hammurabi's Code. Okay, everybody kind of knows it. Well, not everybody. Has anyone heard of Hammurabi's Code before? And if you have, what do you remember from it? You can type it in the chat or you can raise your hand and do whatever you want. There's like a famous line from Hammurabi's Code. Anybody remember? Oh, very good. Excellent. Good. So we got a couple people thrown in there. Good. Bailey, Nicholas, excellent. Eye for an eye. Yeah, that's everybody's kind of thing that they generally remember from Hammurabi's Code is an eye for an eye. You know, and then there's always the famous Gandhi quote, if you know anything about Mahatma Gandhi where he says an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind, which is a great quote. If you take it, you know, if you take an eye for an eye, but Hammurabi's Code, guys, you're going to be, it's going to be interesting as you read through it because certainly there's going to be all kinds of, but what I'm going to be most interested in is you're going to be reading through it and there's going to be cool parts of this law that you're going to never have imagined were around 3,000 years ago. Like there's medical malpractice law in here. Okay. And you're like what the bleep are you talking about like medical malpractice? Oh, yeah. They were very concerned about that too. Okay. Meaning that what like what happens if you go in for some sort of surgery and you die? They have laws for that. In ancient Mesopotamia, 3,000 years ago, they had laws for, you know, what if you're going for an operation and you die and what happens to the doctor? You know, those types of things. And it's interesting because well, I mean one of the laws is if you go in for an operation, you know, say you need your appendix out or something like that and you don't make it, they end up doing some pretty bad things to the doctor. Right. In some cases, the doctor might lose a hand. In some cases, the doctor might be out of his life too. Okay. So who would want to be a doctor in ancient Mesopotamia? No, okay. So the thing is, is that is some of these laws end up having a negative consequence for the society. And we'll be talking about some of those different things that you guys find interesting about Hammurabi's Code. You'll read about that in the second chapter. All right. So basically, as we sum up today, okay, I want you guys just to make sure that you have an understanding of what's going on next week. Okay. We are not meeting in person Monday or Friday. Everything will be up and ready to roll on Canvas by the end of today, Friday at night. All right. You'll have a couple PowerPoint videos. You'll have Forum Post number two and CPA number one to do. You got the whole week to do it. And you got some reading to do in the text. A whole 30 some pages and I'll throw in a couple cool five, seven minute videos on Hammurabi's Code to watch too. Okay. If you got any questions on anything going on next week on the course, don't hesitate to ask. Okay. But if you do, okay, question here, Brady. Yes. All these assignments, CPA one, Form two, PowerPoints under module number one in Canvas. Absolutely. Everything will be contained under module number one in Canvas. And I'll even send out an announcement slash email to you guys, let you know that everything's been posted. Okay. So that you can work on it. You can if you wanted to, guys, if you really wanted to get after it this weekend, you could basically knock this whole course out like all of next week's material. You can knock it out this weekend if you really put your mind to it and you could say, you know, Egan, I'll see you later. Not dealing with your class next week. I'll see you the following Monday. Perfectly fine. Perfectly okay with that. You don't have to stretch this out for the whole week at all. Okay. You could also, you know, procrastinate and not do anything with anything for the course until next Friday or Saturday. And you can shove it on the next weekend. I don't care. Just as long as the work gets done to the best of your ability and you think you're scoring the best you can. Is that cool? All right. So you guys can kind of do it whenever you kind of do it, however you want next week. And next time you and I will see each other.