For instance, talk about Zeus and Poseidon and the differences about the Greek gods or something like that. What you could do, and what some students have done in the past is they just immediately go to their phone and they go ahead and they Google up Zeus and Poseidon and grab something off of Wikipedia, grab something off of some site that pops up on Google and they throw that into their test. Now, that is not good. That will not work out well for you. What I want you to do is I want you to use all the stuff that the course has given you. Use your notes, use the book, use, like I said, stuff from videos. Don't sit there and throw in some answer from Google or some answer from whatever site you want to look up because it's not going to help you out and it's not going to be helpful or make your answer any better. Because what happens is after about a week or two, I'm going to get a pretty good sense of how you guys write and how you answer things by reading through some of your posts and those types of things. And then if all of a sudden on the quiz or the test you throw in something that sounds like it was written by Benjamin Franklin, we're going to have a problem because then all I'm going to do is I'm just going to be that guy. I hate to be that guy, but I'll just sort of tool around and figure out where you got that from because I'll be looking at it and saying, yeah, it doesn't sound like anything we went over in class. Okay, so I hate to be that guy. I don't want to be a hard guy and stuff, but just stick to the stuff that's learned in class. There's plenty of stuff. So to answer Cam's question, I'm going to be giving you plenty of stuff to answer questions. Just use the stuff from the course and you can use whatever you want. You can use whatever you want. Okay, everything's up. What else? Any other questions? These are good questions. This is good. This is good. Anything else about the quizzes or tests? Timed? Yeah, back to finish that question. Timed? Yes. But there, and you can ask, you know, Hannah was in my class last semester. Michael was in there. Can you guys confirm? I mean, there's plenty of time to get things done on the quizzes. Yeah, okay. There, yes, there's, I'm giving you guys plenty of time and, you know, if you need extra time or those types of considerations and things, I've been, you know, notified and we've all been in touch with each other about if you need longer time with those things. Okay. It's all there. Great. Great, great, great. All right. Good. We're at the, good. We're about 20, 25 minutes in. Good. We got about 10, 15 minutes left before we get out of here for the weekend. So I want to talk about what's going on next week coming up if that's cool with you guys. And then if you do have questions that pop up, feel free to throw them into the chat and I'll answer them as we move forward. Okay. So remember, we're not meeting here on Zoom next week and not Monday at 11, not Friday at 11. Next time we get together, it's going to be Monday, August 31st at 11. What's going on next week? Okay. So during next week, as far as, and I'll put all this on Canvas too, okay, as well. But I just want to give you a few things in the chat that I want you to start looking forward to if you want to read ahead. Okay. So as far as a reading schedule, okay, with chapter one, all right, I want you to read pages one through 20. All right. And in chapter two, we're not going to focus on, in any chapter, we're really not even going to go, I'm going to pick and choose certain things within each chapter because I'm not going to make you read every part of every chapter. That's just ridiculous. Okay. So we're going to be picking and choosing certain things. Within chapter two, I want you to read pages 21 through 35 for next week. Okay. Now I know that sounds like a lot. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry to make you read, what is that, 34 pages of book. My apologies. Don't hate me. I wouldn't know what to do if you guys didn't like me. I don't know if I could go on. The whole reason that, you know, and this is hard for me to say, the whole reason I got into teaching and being a college professor is to make friends with 18 to 22 year olds. I don't have many friends. No, some of you are laughing. All right. Good. Yeah. All right. Good. I'm just messing with you guys. Right. Just messing around. Look, the reading burden in here is not going to be a lot. What we do in here is we're going to read some