It is in the future. So all semester long, I want us to be on this timeline. The timeline thing, keep it in mind. In addition to the timeline, keep that reciprocal idea in mind. You have all done things that I've not done. People have traveled to countries and been to cultures and seen things and participated in environmental programs, things that I've never even heard of before. So I want to teach you, you're going to teach me, and this is life is circular. We live in square blocks and square houses and square, square, square. But the life thing, the reciprocal thing, everything is circular. Okay. And we are all interconnected. And I don't mean that in some way like, hey, bro, we're all interconnected and stuff. I don't mean that at all. I mean, the air that you breathe that comes our way sometimes from Greeley is for real. The water that we drink at underground aquifers after we've been fracking is for real. Right. Okay. We are interconnected. Fukushima, right, sending that radioactivity back into the ocean, spreading around the globe. That is interconnectedness. Right. So when I talk about interconnectedness, I do mean it in a spiritual sense at times. And I also mean it in a very scientific, physical sense of the word. What somebody does impacts somebody else, somebody else, somebody else, and somebody else. I think that's important for us to look at this semester. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes. Can you explain the two due dates for the discussion posts. Now I have a due date, which is the due date. Okay. If it says March or April 8th is the due date. That's the final cut off for that discussion, but you have to make at least one post a week in advance. Why? Because otherwise, you know what happens, right? Everybody posts on the last day and there's no discussion. It's just like Sorry, it's just like throwing up stuff and down on the internet. So you've got to make one post to the discussion after you watch a film or whatever it is, a week in advance, at least. And then on two different days, your other two posts and you can respond five times, but you can't respond multiple times on the last day. And you do have to get in the game of the discussion a week early. Does that make sense to everybody? Yeah. You know, teaching online for years and years and years. I know it seems a bit like, huh, what's that? But if I don't have people post early and there's just one like the due date. It's, we know what happens, you know, it's just a big pile on and people are kind of typing, but nobody's really responding or reading. So now the social observations aren't like that. That's just a you do your thing. You don't have to reply to anybody. That being said, I own so many amazing documentaries. I think normally I show them in class. I don't want to have you have to buy them all the time or rent them. If I didn't record this, but showed the movie on a screen share, we wouldn't be breaking any laws, would we? I mean, you know, I do that in the classroom. Right. Okay. So, so instead of having you, you know, rent stuff all the time, I'm going to try and find it legitimately out there like YouTube or someplace, not the not the dark intro web. But I will try and find it and post it. If I can't find a link, you know, then, then, you know, then I'll put it out there for you that maybe you have to rent something. But, but it's only because some of the stuff that we're going to watch and then I want you to see is so amazing. I feel it's worth it. Again, I own all those films that I would show in class and just stream them. So maybe if I stream it and don't record it, I'll figure out a way to do that. All right. More questions for me because this is we're not even an hour in yet. We will be done early. But I do want you to feel comfortable with this class and either comfortable that you don't want to take it cool. Shake hands, be on our way. Good game. Good game. Or you stay in the class for this semester and I try and help you. Oh, last thing. Oh, check it out. All right. I'm on the discussion board. There's a link to our food drive. Now this is the extra credit thing for the semester. And I'm going to tell you how much I love this and I'm looking at your faces. Now I'm recording your faces and looking at last semester and it was a minimum of a $5 donation to my students because feeding people I'm into feeding people right I got a scroll to see your faces. We raised $9000 provided 18,000 meals. That's right. Get some. That's right. That's right. Bow. Whatever. I don't know. People don't even do that anymore either. So, yeah, can you believe that 18,000 meals 15 years ago I started collecting cans at front range in my classroom and it became a horrible mess and people hated me and it was a problem. And then I collected cans all semester long in my CSU office and then they would rain down upon us during the semester and that was a problem and people hated me and I get that. Now we moved it to the end of the semester but we can't do it in person anymore. So we went online for the first time last semester and I, nobody shoot me an email. So violent metaphors and language is very important. If I'm teaching a social 100 class, language is the key to all culture. So I was going to say we crushed it. We didn't. We did a great job. We rocked it. I play music when we get off stage and somebody's like you killed it bro. I'm like ease up. When somebody's like I'll shoot you an email. I'm like please don't. Like you're a jerk. Yeah, yeah. But language is important. Right. So we did amazing. I mean if we can provide 18,000 meals for people, then that is one of my goals this semester. If you can get an earned extra credit by doing so, fine. Oh, but Jason, that's a pay to play. Oh, but no, it's not. Let me tell you. You also have to make a post on the discussion board with at least two sources talking about poverty and homelessness and the impact that a food shelf or a food bank makes. But Jason, I still don't have five bucks. But wait, there's more. You don't need five bucks. If you really, really can't do it, I've got the ability to work on it.