This is in-person, in-person. I mean, there's a lot of discussion in this class because I want this to be very reciprocal. I don't want it to be me, blah, blah, blahing academic stuff at you. I want us to be bouncing ideas back and forth. If you use it and click in during the semester almost all the time, nine percent above, we add five percent to your grade. It's participation, but if you're like in an 85 and you use it, then you're going to be, I think, in a better spot. You'll be at a 90 or something like that. Okay. I provided links. If you can't click in the entire time, you'll see the join code. There's the join code. But it's something and a way for our class to participate. It's cool because instead of just clicking A, B, or C, I could be like describe the state of the environment, or what's the name of your car? Do you love your car? When we get to the transportation chapter, I don't know. All sorts of things like that. How long is your average shower? But it allows us to answer in detail and then get a discussion started. It is optional. Now, I have two classes. There's 300 students. I have three classes, but only two that are using Top Hat that are live. So I have a handful of subscriptions that are need-based. If you really, really, really, really can't afford that and you want to participate, nothing in my class monetarily is going to keep you from doing it, participating. Again, you don't lose points for not having Top Hat. But if you really, really, really have a need, a few people have reached out already. I have a few subscriptions that I can scholarship for people for the semester so that people can participate. We're not leaving anybody out. Let me go to assignments quickly. We're going to have some solution essays. Instead of writing a two-page paper or just responding to questions out of the textbook, I just feel like students wanted to look for solutions more, because we're talking about the environment and it's always problem, problem, problem, problem, problem. We have these solution assignments. It's coming up with a solution. You don't have to, for whatever it is, greenhouse gases or Paul Stamets lecture on mushrooms or population. You come up with a solution to some of the many challenges that we will cover in these chapters and write a page about it. You don't need to come up with the most mind-blowing thing ever or creative thing, but it can be and it has to be a specific solution. Anyway, the point is, I really, really do think that we spend so much time talking about problems, that we always have to in an environmental sociology class or anytime we talk about the environment, we need to frame things in terms of solutions. The more positive we frame things, the more we'll be able to accomplish those things. Does that make sense to everybody? There is one big paper in this class and it is a food waste paper. These are smaller, just one-page solution assignments. There's a larger food waste paper and that has sources that are already built into it, that we know are really good solid sources. You'll have to find some outside sources as well. That's not due till April 12th. I'll cover the paper in a Zoom session all by itself, but just so that you see that there. If I click on Modules, that's where you're going to see observations, discussions. That's where I will post the PowerPoints and the links to the lectures. The lectures will be in a folder on YouTube. That's our 220 labeled SOCH 100-220. You'll see that when you go to the YouTube channel. Then I will also put them here under Modules just to help out. Let me stop and share quick, head back to everybody's beautiful faces. Look at this is, I don't know, the best-looking and most academically successful set of people I've ever laid eyes on in my life. I think so. Jack Moeller. Jack, you look like Jack Black. I'm just going to say you're splitting the difference with the beard right now, bro. I'm digging it. Tenacious D is one of my favorite music things that happens. I'm going to pause here because there's a lot of stuff going on. Does anybody have any questions? I'm going to introduce the GTAs. I'm going to talk a bit more about grading. But out of anything that I've covered, does anybody have any questions? I have a question real quick. I emailed you about this. I'm not sure if you saw it, but some textbooks include the little top hat code that you can put in. I'm assuming this one doesn't. No, I'm sorry. This textbook, it's old-fashioned and I think it's a much smaller publisher. They don't have a giant online set of resources. I do believe you can find the e-book. But as far as test banks and stuff like that, I don't want to add a bunch of extra stuff to the class in that way either. So yeah. Does that answer that? Yeah, that does. Thank you. Other questions so far? Yeah. I had two. One, is the Zoom link that we used for this session going to be the same for all sessions? Every session. Cool. On the other, is there anything posted on top hat or am I missing something? Not yet. There's not. Nope. I will post some questions Thursday morning. I'll reveal some questions and open them up for the entire day on Thursday. Okay. For now, it's just the only assignments are introduce ourselves and the people watching thing. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Introduce yourselves on the discussion board. I think that'd be great. A little bit about who you are. Then there's a social observation. And that is just really...