All of our meetings this semester, I'll record them all. I understand that sometimes it's tough for people, you know, to get to class on time. You might be skiing in the mountains like Matthew and not able to stream your live stream or whatever, right? Life happens, so I'm going to record this because I guarantee you this semester, life is going to happen, right? Things will get interesting as I expect that they usually do. Okay, so I'm looking out here at my window. I live in La Porte. That is just north Fort Collins, and I have a four-acre farm here, but it's rural. So does anybody from Iowa or the Midwest that knows the rural, how to wave if you're on a rural country road, does anybody know how to do that? You can chime in right now. Tell us. There it is, Parker. Yeah, and Parker, what's the rule? Go ahead, tell us the rule. There's a rule about that. I don't know. Well, you did kind of this. Does the hand leave the steering wheel? Oh, absolutely not. Right, there you go. Now, I see people shaking their heads. This is sociology. We're going to do this all semester long, so I'm just going to go off on a tangent right away. I think, and I've been calculating this because I've been out here on this farm for four years, I think the better you know somebody, the more your hand might leave the wheel, but it never fully is a wave if you're in the country, right? Like nobody's waving like this in the country. It's like, here's the steering wheel. Hey, I might know that guy. Don't even know you, but I'm going to give you the point. And then, ah, what's up? Maybe I'll take my hand off the steering wheel for Randy. Randy's the guy that drives up and down my road 20 times a day with a shotgun in the back of his pickup truck and his adorable niece who has huge belt buckle and cute little cowboy boots. Anyway, I love my neighborhood, love my farm. I'm going to tell you a little bit about me. And then I will tell you about the corpse. Four acre farm, so we have 110 chickens. A fox came by the other day during the day and killed a duck and two chickens. I know, like in a 15 minute window so then they've all been inside for the last couple days. So we grow as much of our own food as we can on this four acre farm. I think diversity and how that works is very, very important to me. We do organic agriculture out here strictly making compost teas and things like that. I have a son named Storm and he's 15 and another son named Zion. And now you know I own a farm, and now you're like this hippie. Oh my god. I take baths. We're good. We're good. But I do, I do love this place so this is one thing that I do. I'm a trifecta really huge, huge bulls fan from Chicago originally so I got the trifecta farmer, teacher, and musician. Oh, that's right. I am making no money, but I'm happy. Woo. All right, so those are the three lowest paying professions I think you can find so that's how you know I'm in it, because I'm independently wealthy so that's how you know I love teaching, because why would I do it otherwise. So, that's my partner is an artist, Julie she she's into organic food as well and she helps run the farm we sell organic eggs plant starters. And then this last year because I'm also a musician Oh, I forgot to add the fourth lowest paying job, especially when you can't play shows anymore. And I've been playing an abandoned town called musketeer group weed for the past 15 years. Whoa, I think you've been there. We, we just released an album called more than ever and I think it's on the interweb. I know he's that old guy teacher right now no no it's good music trust me. And when you can't play shows, we recorded an album. We're recording another one this spring, keeping busy. And we actually had several safely distanced outdoor shows that are farm last summer. So something that kind of came out of the fact that I wanted to play music my dad used to chaperone our band when I was 15. And like so that I could play places so I've been playing my whole life not playing shows this last year has been really weird. I'm sure a lot of you are used to going to shows. And it's really weird that you're not doing that anymore right now so you know mask up, come to the farm, and then we've done some of that too so the, you know, the farm is like food and healing and music and healing and art and healing because my partner is an artist like I said and I teach sociology so for this class, there's definitely a lot that I do on the farm that I'm going to try and translate and talk about biodiversity or organic agriculture, or, like, what is sustainability really mean. I mean how do you practice it what's that look like so to me. There's a lot of fantastic people in this department and they are I love this department, I'll talk about that in a minute. I do love teaching this class and I'm going to try and teach it in a pragmatic way. Okay, so when we're looking for solutions to a lot of the problems that are facing us. Yes, a satellite with thousands of mirrors reflecting all of the light and cooling down the earth simultaneously that is super cool. Some total Star Wars stuff right there. Oh, your, your capes getting in the way of both. I'm all about that, but it's not very pragmatic right like it's it's not necessarily a solution that's accessible to us if we're going to reverse the damage that's done and move forward. So I think that's creative ideas are important to go bears, but but having pragmatic solutions are important too. So I think I bring that in what I'm doing every single day out here on the farm, adjusting to biodiversity and figuring out how it all works. So, I love this class.