What I want us to do in here is come in here for this hour and 15 minutes and leave the rest of the world behind you if you can. Leave your stressors out there. You know, again, make this worth your dollar. And instead of being on your phone, I have the most, until last spring, I had the most oppressive cell phone, like whatever in my syllabus, of anybody you've ever seen. If anybody had me in a live classroom before we did this, like, I would tell you, I will call you out. And I would. I even walked up 15 flights, and there was this 400-pound lineman, and he had created a fort out of his backpack for his phone. And I just kept talking as I went up to him, and finally he didn't know. And I got right above him, and I'm like, are you on your phone? And he's like, yes. And I said, did you just build a cute little fort for your phone? And he's like, yes. I was like, well, public shame isn't enough. Get out of my class, bro, or get off the phone. So here's the deal. Like, it's not because I want to pick on people, it's because this is our time. Right? This is our moment to learn, to be together, and all that other stuff. Let it go for an hour and 15 minutes. I guarantee you the crazy will still be there when we get back. Oh, psychology majors are mad now. I didn't mean that. You know what I mean. The intensity of the world. All right, cool. Oh, yeah. So another thing I have to say. This is paramount in my class. Cultural pluralism is, I believe, the most important thing you can learn in a sociology class. That is the ability to see things from another person's perspective. It is critical to you as a human being. Okay. So in this class, we respect everyone. Everyone. If you've taken, if you had a class before, you can testify in the chat room that when it comes to racism, discrimination, or white supremacy, all that deplorable loser ass stuff has no place in my classroom. Okay. I am very, very, very, very to that point. CSU, almost every single semester has somebody paint themselves in blackface or hang a paper towel noose outside somebody. That's terrorism. And it means you're a horrible human being besides. And I'm going to tell you this. This institution needs to learn to support diversity with more backbone. Oh, oh, day one. He's going off. Yeah, I will because I love this place. It's not doing a horrible job, but we need to do better. So that being said, in my classes, everybody matters and there's no tolerance for who has tolerance for white supremacy. My goodness, that's the cool. That is, that is, that's ridiculous. I'll just say that. Okay, so When that stuff happens on campus, I know it's not my students first because first thing I do is find that name and look at my roster. And I remember it was like a year ago and Juliet the the blackface and the black panther thing anyway, and I was like, I came home and Julie's like what's going on what's going on what's going on and I'm like, don't even talk to me till I get to my rosters because I know it's not my people. And of course, it was. All right. And here's the deal. I want to teach this class with compassion. Okay, there's no place for any of that other business like that's just hate. I'm not into that. But I do want to remind ourselves, take a breath once. For real. I'm gonna I'm gonna lean in once here. Shit's crazy out there. Okay, and I'm just not going to pull any punches. Everybody's struggling. You don't know if you're going to stay in your dorm, leave your house, get sick. What the hell's going on. Here's the deal. I'm here for you as a teacher and as a human being. So are the GTAs. Let's be there for each other. Okay, let's this semester when I always say be good people and do good things. Let us be the best people we could be and do the good, goodest things. And do the best we can do for other people. Right. So that's not that's not like preaching about nothing. Okay, we mask up, because we know it helps other people people in other cultures have been masking up so that they don't get other people sick forever for a long time. The fact that we struggle with that is ridiculous. It's not a personal civil liberties thing. It's a health and public safety issue period. Okay, so how many soap boxes am I going to jump on today. Who knows, who knows, who knows. I will share this with you though this is a the six inch never released Han Solo and carbonite. I know I got it. If you wanted to know the things just within my reach, you wouldn't even believe it. All right. I, in addition to being a musician and a dad, I also my mom didn't make me throw away any of my toys I collect vintage toys, I love Star Wars, I had a Mandalorian tattoo for the last 27 years before anybody knew what a baby Yoda was let me just say that I am the OG when it comes to that. Does that make me old, you bet it does. And like I said, I will purposely find out things that you say and do in your generation to misuse them, and oftentimes to embarrass my own children I'm fine with that I'm kind of a 70s old school parenting person. So all right. All right. Anyway, the tests paper content assignments solutions, respect for each other. This is a timeline. Here is the past. This is nowish this is nowish this is nowish it can't really ever be now right it's got to be ish because now was just a second ago. This is the future. In regards to sociology human development interaction in the environment. We have to know what happened before to know where we're at now, so that we don't do that same thing. If that's a mistake or whatever.