I'm going to write about the same amount of stuff, a little bit more, not too much more, a two-page paper on homelessness and poverty in Northern Colorado. So the extra credit thing is there. But that being said, we had somebody donate. My mom, she would get somebody's dog spayed or neutered, like five people every year, like people who can't afford it. She would do something like that for people. The thing is, somebody's grandma or somebody last semester made a $1,500 donation in the name of Soch 100. That not only got more extra credit for everybody, and not only fed like 3,000 meat, provided 3,000 meals, but everybody wins. It's so cool. So for me, this is the inspiring part of the class. All semester long, the link is on in announcements and on the discussion board. And all semester long, you'll see how each of my classes is doing. I'm teaching eight different classes at three different colleges this semester. That's right. I have a full plate, just like you. That being said, that is an opportunity for us to do some amazing, amazing giving in our community. And it's important because feeding people, can we feed the world? We're going to talk about food. We have a food waste project. So we're going to talk about how we can help you with that. How can we help you with that? How can we help you with that? How much more social sociology can we do in four walls or in a classroom or even in your comfy hobbit home or wherever you're living right now? So the food drive, it goes on all semester. A lot of people don't donate to the end. Sometimes they donate early. All right. Awesome. All right. What questions do you have about me, for me, about the class? I'm going to take a drink. I'm going to turn myself into Kermit the Frog meme. So, is it sharing a video or movie or documentary for the purpose of like learning allowable under the Fair Use Act? Yes. Yes, it is. I don't know. I like that though. I'll look that up. Yes, it is. Sorry. I'll try and say that less evil next time. Yeah. No, wait, that's evil too. I think we can do that, man. I think we can do that. Yeah. Anything that saves my students money. I don't want you to buy, like this textbook you can find used. I was eating like, you know what I was eating in college? Martha Gooch. That was like the 28 cent mac and cheese. And if you're eating the Gooch, it's just one step up from special kitty cat food. I mean, so I would rather my students be able to survive, you know, than add on any more costs. So streaming the film sounds like a good idea. We're going to get into a bunch of discussions this semester, which I think are fantastic. You'll have a chance to practice some hands on stuff and look at what's going on in our communities. I don't know. Questions for me. How do we sign up to volunteer at the food bank? You'll have to look up Larimer County Food Bank because I'm not sure in person anymore what they're doing or how they're doing that. They have had to change the way that they distribute food dramatically, obviously. But I know you can and I think it's a good thing to do. Well, part of Chicago. Are you from Wheaton originally? And I used to fly back a few times a year for Bulls games. I'm a huge Bulls fan. Bears fan too. I mean, just because the Bears aren't any good doesn't mean I'm not a Bears fan. When I was in fifth grade, I was doing the Super Bowl shuffle. Take that Minnesota. Sorry, is Minnesota ever won a Super Bowl? I don't think so. Well, anyway, the only thing that matters on a Sunday during football season to me is if the Packers lose and the Bears win. And so still the only thing that matters is if the Packers lose. I mean, I really don't want to have to cross JD. I don't want to have to cross reference your student ID number with your grade and your Packer allegiance. So let's just let's just stay away from that day one. Just kidding. Anyway, questions. Give me some questions. You got a couple minutes here. What's your band's name? Musketeer Gripweed. Nobody knows how to spell Musketeer anymore because it's just us in the candy bar nowadays. But we've been around 15 years. It's actually a John Lennon alias. Look it up. I love the Beatles. Families from Wheaton. Favorite vegetable? Favorite band? Wow, so many things. Vegetable? Favorite vegetable, really? 18 year olds? That's the question you have for me is my favorite vegetable. I think there'd be something like spicier than that. But favorite Star Wars character? Ooh, Boba Fett. Although the Mandalorian, Dave Fellini started doing Clone Wars, the animated thing, years and years ago when the boys were little. And he's crushing it. He's the reason that Favreau is doing it. Favreau doesn't know anything about Star Wars. He's just got the goods in the live action thing. So together, peanut butter and chocolate. That's what I'm talking about. Top Beatles album? Favorite plant? We're going to skip that one. Favorite chicken? No, my favorite plant. Everybody's like, weed plant. No. That Peace Lily. My mom passed away last semester in the fall unexpectedly and my students gave me that Peace Lily. So I'm not going to say favorite plant, but I love that plant. My students were super cool last semester to me. Do you build your chicken coop yourself? No, I'll show that though on the farm. I'll show some pictures of the farm. This particular one was here on the farm. I built the last one we had at our last house. We've been out here on the farm about four years. Best college experience? Oh boy. So many of these questions I can't answer today. It's not that I don't want to answer them. It's that my lawyer is standing right next to me and he's like... And then he's like, okay, favorite vegetable. I'm so limited as to what I can answer.