And he replied that I'm a musician and then I realized that it's possible for him. And thank you so much. My name is Asma Hussain. I'm a third year PhD student in sociology and I'm from Bangladesh, probably you know the country from where I am. And my research interest is environmental sociology with a special focus on food, energy, and water nexus in developing countries. And along with my PhD program in sociology, I'm also a national research trainee in interdisciplinary training, education, and research in food, energy, and water systems at Colorado State University. So I really like the class because it is connected with my research interest and I hope we will enjoy the whole semester in this awesome class together. And I will send an announcement explaining my office hour, virtual office hour, and it will be just before the class in Tuesday and Thursday from 11 to 12 30 p.m. I will send an announcement with the team or Zoom links. Thank you so much. Thanks Asma. And yeah, I don't, when we're in a big classroom, like the big classroom, I don't need a microphone. Boom! Although last spring I got really sick, could have been COVID, but there was no way to tell right after the semester started for like five weeks of razor blades in my lung and the worst thing I've ever experienced. But it was really before anybody sort of caught on to that. And I was out of the game last spring for a long time. I do not plan on that being the case this semester. All right, where's our other GTA? Hello everyone. My name is Mui. I worked with Jason last semester in his general sociology. It was fun. It was a very, it was the biggest class I've ever seen. Yeah, so I hope like, I mean like this semester, this class is much smaller than compared to the previous one. So I hope like you have a good time and nice to meet you all. Awesome. So here's how I do it. Since I'm used to rings, that's right, because I won all those rings with Jordan and Pippin. Anyway, I like to think that my team, our team is like that team. So if you want, you know, the best GTA team, the best teaching team, that's us. That's us. We've so many rings over the last few years. It's so much winning on our team. It's hard to calculate. So I love these gentlemen and furthermore, they can help you with anything you need. These are people getting their advanced degrees that have a lot of experience and please use them like anybody else that you meet in school, in college, really, to make this experience more worthwhile. Right? Like if I say the guy who wrote the book is in the B wing of Clark, you should email Michael Carolyn because part of what you're paying for for your college education is to meet people and know people and get people in the fields that you are interested in and make contact with those people. Right? So yeah, use our GTA team. They're going to send some emails around about, you know, who's going to be grading papers. The cool thing is, is that one of those individuals will be working with you all semester long on your papers. So instead of like jumping around between two or three different people giving you all sorts of feedback, you work with the same person. And in a bigger class, I think that's an advantage, you know? And then of course, everybody can work with me all the time because I have magical amounts of time. No, everybody can work with me whenever you want. Like do a zoom meeting and here's the deal. I'm going to let you guess after the first test, who normally would come into my office hours? Who is going to come in first to office hours? Anybody know? Those that feel they did poorly? No, Samuel, but I appreciate you answering. No, like most often it's like the A students that got in 94 and that just will not do. Right? Like they want to know how they can do better. So after an exam or which is usually when it happens, but whoever you are, don't, you know, we can meet kind of anytime, face to face and at your convenience. So again, whether it's with the GTAs or myself, I want us to be accessible to you. Yeah, I wish actually in my office hours, it was people that were really struggling so that we could get, you know, get into it and like work hard, but that's not always the case. But I just want you to know, I really do want to emphasize this semester that it's really, really, really, really important that we're here for you. And I don't mean that in some cheesy way. Like I'm just here as a teacher to help you with things. If you're stressed out, this is not that class. My normal semesters, I'm going to say this, when you come into this classroom, I got to do this now all the time. Storm, will you clean your room? No. When you come into this classroom, you call that dishwashing? No. When you come into this classroom, this is, should be where you forget all that stuff that stresses you out. And for an hour and 15 minutes, you get to do one thing. We are really poor at monotasking in this culture. We think that we are really good at multitasking, but we just kind of do like 10 things half ass.