What I'm trying to get everybody to come together on here is that this is a sociology class. We're going to be talking about things through sociological or mini-sociological lenses. First thing, observe people somewhere. Check out the discussion board. It's the first one. It's easy to do. Look, if you want to do it online, you can. If you want to do it outside with a mask. But I want you to be safe. And look, this is a social science course. So the thing that I say on day one of social 220 is if it's going to bother you that we can't look at a set of beliefs like, I believe climate change is garbage, then this is not the class for you. Like, I'm going to tell you that right away. This is a science class and we know that climate change is real. And we're not in that belief zone. We're in science, Bill. Which I don't think should bother anybody because you're paying $100,000 plus to be educated with science, right? Not sort of just indoctrinated with beliefs. And especially when we talk about the environment. And we know how critical this is. And we will bring politics into it, but we can look at how somebody voted, right? We don't need to make value judgments about a person. Do you support the environment? Do you not? Not every Republican hates the environment. Not every Democrat is a tree-hugging hippie, right? So we're going to look at all of that stuff. But we want to be comprehensive. And I want you to look at it through a sociological viewpoint. So just go out and make that observation somewhere. Look at human interaction because that's key. Because check it out. If we're going to change what's going on scientifically with our environment, temperatures and readings and water levels and sea levels, that change doesn't take place if people don't make it, right? Like we're the big reason for this. No questions asked. Science is there. So if we can't learn people's behavior and how to motivate them and what doesn't motivate them and how to communicate with people in regards to the environment, nothing's going to happen, right? So I think that that's why I'm sort of continue to reinforce throughout the course of the semester that this science, yes, but it's also a social science. So let's get out there and observe how we behave with the environment. I'm going to come at you with the question next time. And I'm going to get you thinking about it now, which is what is your relationship with the natural world? Yep. Not A, B. Nothing A, B, C about that, right? We're going to talk about that this semester because our relationship with the natural world is very correlated to how we treat it and to what happens with it, right? Am I right? So this is again, the human element is so very, very, very, very important. All right. Other questions. I'm not going to jump into a lecture today. I just want to introduce the class, get people comfortable with it, get us thinking in these terms. I'll look at a couple other technical things that the GTAs introduce themselves. But any questions right now? Any questions about anything I've covered? I'm going to flip through your faces for a minute. Nice. Just to clarify, we meet on Tuesdays and Thursdays or just Tuesdays? Tuesdays and Thursdays at 1230. And usually it'll last about an hour, maybe an hour and 15 minutes. I mean, an hour and 15 minutes live is a little more dynamic than an hour and 15 minutes sitting on your butt. So I'm just, I'm going to keep things. My goal, and this is like my whole thing is can we get people to retain and can we have fun learning? I know that sounds crazy, but if we were in the classroom, ask Asmol. I'd be pumping tunes. I would check out what kind of speakers that room has. We'd be listening to music. We'd be relaxing. I turn the lights down because who can learn in a Walmart with like a thousand fluorescent lights that we already know scientific studies teach us about retention and lighting, relaxing and retention and learning. Look, all of these things that I would do in a classroom, I want to do here from a distance as well. So keep in mind, that's always my big deal is getting us to remember and learn this material so that we can impact things, society, culture, the world in a positive way with this knowledge. I mean, as sociologists, we just don't study something like teenage pregnancy to be like, oh, that's a lot of people getting pregnant. We study it so that we could do something with that information. We don't look at like gerrymandering and voter fraud and things like that and say, oh, that's nice. We study those things to see how they impact people to make a change. And I would hope, you know, a positive change for the most part, particularly when we're looking about and proposing two solutions to the state of our natural world. Other questions? Just reading some of the comments here. All right. Other questions. How many of us are there? 107 here today. There's 130 in the class in general. All right. GTAs, would you guys gentlemen like to introduce yourselves? Sure. I think I'm sure that after listening Jason, it is boring to listen to me because he is awesome and I'm happy to have him again. This is my third time I'm working with him. And I was surprised in the first time when I was in his class how a person can talk so loudly in a huge classroom for more than one hour. And I asked him that, how do you do this?