Thank you for as often as you feel comfortable making this contact. I think it's really important. Let me look around here, maybe screen share and poke around the class for a second. Let me see. Yeah, let me do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to talk about how things work in this class. But let me do that by screen sharing this. And then if I could do this successfully. All right. Can you see this? Shake your head. Yeah. Everybody see the class? Good. Okay. So there's class with some fancy links. I like the way that this is laid out, but I just want to make it simple here. So here's announcements. Anything you need to know is going to be in announcements. Right? I'm happy you're here. Here's our films, YouTube channel. Yes, there's a YouTube channel. My 13-year-old and 15-year-old told me that I won't actually have to teach as long as my YouTube channel takes off. So, you know, sky's the limit. You know, I'm going to be the Mark Rober of sociology. That's crossing my fingers, everybody. But if you want to go there and subscribe, you can. If you don't, don't worry about it. But at least you get a notification. I will then try and post the lectures in modules. All right. So you can keep up with that. But this is a good place. Like if Asmol, if the GTAs grade the papers and decide here's the common things that people need to improve upon, announcements is where they're going to put it. Right. So you can definitely come here for as much as, you know, just about anything. Top hat. I'll get to that in a minute. All right. Spring exam dates. Here are all the exam dates. Okay. They won't change and they will be taken online and they open up for like 24 hours or maybe like 9 or 8 a.m. One day to noon the next. So you should be able to do it. It's 50 questions, multiple choice. Look, here's the deal. We've got to find a way. You're going to be writing plenty of essays to test knowledge. So I think that's a good way to test your knowledge. I think that the first choice tests aren't the greatest. That being said, I think that it's a fair way to test your knowledge. We're going to do the lectures. I'm going to enforce what I want you to know. Put out a study guide. And that way we're reinforcing the right stuff all the time. So I think that the second choice is to retain your knowledge. And retention is very important. I want you to retain this material because if we're talking about the environment, there might not be anything more important for us to retain than how to figure out challenges that we have to water or air or food or the things that keep us alive. Anyway, that'll be what the tests look like in here. There'll be four of those exams. Here are the dates right here. The college game, a few words on winning. This is just basically like back in my day, but manage your time, make contact, ask somebody something. Be respectful. Keep your integrity level high. Don't ask for a grade bump or push. If you get behind, reach out to me. Yeah, this is just kind of a general thing here. Okay. And I know I'm explaining a lot today. But the, the top hat. Okay, so top hat. You're going to need the book. First of all, the book is required and it says that on page one. And if I go back here, I don't know, did I do it in red? No, good. Because sometimes everybody like always read is like people color associate with negative because that's how people think things have been graded. But the book is required. And you know the cool thing about the book. The guy who wrote it is in the B wing of Clark. Michael Carolyn is the Dean of the Social Behavioral Sciences Department. He's fantastic. And I can't think of anything cooler than to have us using a textbook. And if you have a question about it or want to talk to the author, he's upstairs. He's upstairs. And Michael travels the world, does a lot with food and sustainability. And wow, is he an incredible guy. So that textbook is required. You're going to need it for our content assignments. Okay. Thank you so much. Michael is my PhD advisor. So I have been working with him closely. And the good thing is that the book is the ebook is available in the library also. So the library has a book, a version of the book. So if anybody is not able to collect the hard copy, and he or she can get the ebook from the library. Awesome. Thank you. Yeah. And that's really what I want is for students, I would rather students be able to access that text and eat. You know what I mean? Or pay your bills. And so I try and make this class, you know, not have as many add-ons as possible. That being said, let me talk quickly about Top Hat. So Top Hat is basically an online or a student response system. So I'll ask the question, do you feel like fixing the environment is definitely possible, maybe impossible? And I open up the questions the morning, the days that we have classes, you click on them and answer them. And then that gives us all sorts of feedback. And the feedback is really cool. Now, because the feedback is so cool, and I've listed it, let me see, I think I've listed that in announcements as well. And it's basically for 25 bucks or 26 bucks for four months for the semester. It's an app that you buy. And if you click in 90% of the time and above and answer these questions, it helps with our discussions because a lot of what I'm going to be doing, I'm going to lecture, but we're also discussing when