I'm just kidding. College is a fantastic experience. Animated cloner, favorite plant, favorite chicken breed. Oh wow, we have a lot of chickens. My boys like the bantams, the mini chickens. Bantams are like the tiny ones. We have some really cool ones. They got feathers on their feet. I like the Polish chickens. They've got like afros and they are so not suited for survival. Like if you've got an afro that goes around your whole head and you can't look up where like prey is coming from, that is yeah, those chickens. They look, they are so cool looking and they literally run into walls. That was one of the ones that got killed the other day. Oh and ducks, ducks are the worst. Ducks are dumber than, sorry. Jason, I think you missed an interesting question. Like what instrument do you play and will you play on Zoom for us? Play where for you? On Zoom for us? Oh no, no, no. Here's the deal. I joke about the intranet, but we're on Spotify and Apple Music and YouTube right now. The new album is called More Than Ever. So if you want to hear it, there's videos. I don't know, it's kind of the other thing I do. My dad was a fifth grade teacher for 40 years. He played and sang in a band. I front the band. I sing in a band. I play harmonica and dobro. I think it's really quality stuff, but you'll have to check it out. I don't know, maybe you dig it, maybe you don't. Silky's, oh yeah, Four Chickens. Oh, I bought chickens because of Jason. Oh, look at that. Busted. Favorite genre of music? I just love live music. My wife and I spent 20 some years going to see fish, like all the time, all the time, all the time. And The Dead and Widespread Panic, but I'm not one of those guys that's like Beatles or Rolling Stones. I'm like both, right? Like Fish or Grateful Dead, huh? Who makes those choices? All those bands. But I'm really, really into James Brown and gospel music and soul and old funk stuff. To me, I'm also a blues guy. My first tape, my first cassette tape was Little Walter, who's a blues harmonica player. So when I got in the band when I was 15, everybody else played drums and guitar and bass. So that's why I sang and played harmonica, because nobody did that. But yeah, so yeah, music is really, music is our life. That's why we started having concerts here on the farm last semester. And they had to be safe, too, you know, because concerts, it's dicey, you know, you want to go out there and have fun. But there's a huge responsibility that we have to each other right now. Any other questions? Your bands? Oh, Brent showed me last semester. Cool, cool, cool. All right. Chickens, Clone Wars, OK, that's Star Wars and Chicken Talk. Sounds good for a Tuesday, doesn't it? I mean, we could be talking about the rest of, you know, what's going on in the world, which I know has been stressing everybody out. And it's pretty intense, but we don't need to get to that today. You probably are all aware of that tomorrow. Nothing's going on tomorrow. Just another Wednesday. Just another Wednesday. Hey, hey, 2021, hold my beer, right? Some of that stuff is pretty funny. Like I also I live through memes and yeah, I think that this is going to be a fantastic semester. No more questions. No, no, no. OK. Hopefully, this semester, you get a chance to meet my guys, Storm and Zion. Storm is a cross-country runner, stand-up bass player and orchestra. He's got his own vintage toy channel on YouTube and sells vintage toys on eBay. He's got his own store. He wants to work for Hasbro and he's taking College Calculus 3 right now as a 10th grader. I don't know. That guy's got it going on. So I think he's going to design toys. My young guy has blonde dreadlocks down to here because he has Viking hair and it dreads up. If he like puts a hat on for like five minutes, it's like already happening. So about a year ago, we went full dread with him and he's an artist and he does animation and he's also a drummer. So yeah, yeah, we do. You have to be a Renaissance human being these days because there's so many fantastic things to learn about. Any more questions before I go? Do you have a meme account? There's such a thing as a meme account? Well, send me an email. I'm interested. A meme account? I've got some harassing of my sons to do this afternoon. Honestly, there's no more stuff here? No? No? Okay, awesome. I will leave you then in the way that I leave all of my classes, which is be good people and do good things. I know that you're out there in the world. Did you accept the Star Wars Christmas special or just not exist? Okay, if you're not in the Star Wars, I get that and I won't talk about Star Wars very much this semester. If you've never seen the Star Wars Christmas special, it might be the worst thing ever captured on film ever. So and I'm a mystery science theater guy. So I like mystery science theater, you know, where they watch like the bad or the B movies, the 1950s movies. I accuse my parents or giant praying mantis and then they kind of riff on it the whole time. If you've never heard of Mystery Science Theater 3000, you've got a whole new world out there for you if you love B movies. But that is that is the yes, yes, ever is the worst thing that anybody's ever recorded. This zoom class is a better film than whatever that was. Heck, this class just this last hour was better than any of the prequels, really, like if we're going to be honest. I mean, all right. All right. No, I don't have anything else. So be good people and do good things around a fun semester. But here's the deal. Fun. But learning, retention, respect, sociology, science. OK, so.