And yeah, so that's just a little bit about me. I've been teaching here for 15 years. I think the social department is amazing. And if you don't know the people in the social department, you should get to know them. If you're not a social major, you should be. Jason, that seems like you're selling me pretty hard on the sociology department. Well, I'll tell you what. Look, I'm a weirdo and I have always felt comfortable in this department. It is full of people. The people who are 80 were marching for people's rights 40, 50, 60 years ago. The people who are 20 are doing the same thing. Everyone is welcome. And I really only recommend a couple things. One is the InstaPot. Has anybody here ever cooked? Not Colorado Instant Pot. The InstaPot. Has anybody here ever cooked with an InstaPot? Tell me that's what I'm talking about. Oh, you should. It's amazing. It's like a pressure cook. Well, anyway, I digress. But I recommend that for cooking. And I also recommend the social department because I think there's some brilliant people here. And so I'm excited. I'm excited to be working with you. I'm excited to have this class. And even though this is, I mean, it does rice perfectly. Ten out of ten. Yes, absolutely. Jason, there is a request from Natasha. Yeah. I think she is asking that, please, can we just have a class on the farm? Yeah, come on over. What? Right. Thank you for pointing that out to me. The comments are going so fast here. This is hilarious. This is like, well, I'm going to get to all sorts of things. This is going to be a great semester, but I would love to do that. I'd really I'd love to do that. That'd be fantastic. And it's usually and I have it in the syllabus. We try and do a biodiversity thing out here because I'm only like 10 minutes from school. Maybe if we could find a way to do it outside, you know, in the spring or something like that, that I would. Everybody's invited for sure. Yeah. And I will share things with you as it happens. So, I'm going to start with the farm news. I'm going to start with the farm news. Last semester for the first time in four years, storm left the chicken door open overnight and 40 chickens were massacred by coyote. So I will keep you up with all of the up to date interesting farm news, which probably might not be interesting for many of you. But what social distance chicken party. Get down. All right. OK, so. So I'm going to go to a couple of places and let me say this. Life is going to happen this semester. OK, like somebody's going to be shredding some gnarly pow pow, bro. And I have two teenage boys. I specialize in using terms wrong on purpose. So, like, I mean, when I found out what a VSCO girl was two years ago in my social class in the fall, let me tell you, it was on. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go to a couple of places and let me tell you what the social distance is. And what I'm going to do is is that this is a social class. So we're going to be looking at problems with the environment. And yes, we're going to be using science and it's a social science course. But I think that like looking at it through human behavior and talking about human behavior, that's what really makes this interesting or possible or not possible or why we're facing a lot of the problems that we're currently facing in regards to the environment. Oh, so let me back up. Sorry. There's so many things and I haven't done this for like a couple months or at least a month and a half. Things will happen to you. Again, somebody's going to skiing accident somebody's going to break up with a boyfriend or girlfriend. It will be the tragic end of your world until four weeks later. You are like, how? Why was I dating that person anyway? That's not so tragic. So whatever happens, here's my rule for the semester. Stay in contact with. Okay, old school. If you want to succeed in this or any other college class, stay in contact. All right. Like if you fall off the face of the earth. If somebody gets sick, heaven forbid. I don't know. Heaven forbid. Just somebody forbids. And just reach out to me. Okay. If you disappear for a couple weeks because something happens and you're like, I don't, I can't pass this class. I want to be there for you. I don't want you to look over the glass. I don't want your teacher to look over his glass at me in a disapproving academic way. I'm not. Okay. I want you to succeed. I can only do so much. People will earn success in this class and they will earn some Fs. Woo doggie. I bet they will earn some Fs too. But that's not me. and a very small class, I want this to be accessible for you. I want our GTAs to be here for you. And they will be. We're going to give you feedback and help you with your writing, generate creative ideas. And hopefully this feels like a much smaller class, and you feel like you get that kind of service. Does that make sense? All on board with that? So if something happens, please reach out. And just please make sure that you stay in touch. Now, I am seeing here on the side I've had some students here before, maybe some people that are in the SOCH 100. So for anybody who is saying anything nice about me early on in the semester, thank you. Now, let me also say, if I already am rubbing you the wrong way, or you look through the syllabus, or after I'm done here, this doesn't seem like a good fit for you, holy cow, you're paying money for this. Like a lot of money. So if it doesn't seem like a good fit, that's OK with me too. And make sure that you just make the best decision for you academically. Does that make sense? All right, good. I like being able to see things. And here's how important it is that I see your faces once in a while. I was in a parent-teacher conference for my 15-year-old, or my storm resign, I can't remember. And the teacher was almost in tears because he always had his camera on and was always participating. You've got to understand, teachers love teaching. And if they just see a bunch of black boxes,