Anyway, I've spoken to most of you as you, hey, Dana, I didn't see you. I've spoken to most of you as you've shown your pictures. If you would, if you would show yourselves, if you would please. We'd like to see everybody. But I am Dr. Stedman, Dr. Danny Stedman, and I will be one of your main instructors this semester. And Dr. Revis, who will introduce herself in a minute, will be the other. You will be, you will be with us for this entire semester with pretty much everything that you do. So we wanted to take this opportunity tonight just to, you know, to try to ease some of the butterflies that you might have or to answer some of the questions that you might have. We have an agenda that Dr. Stone would have prepared, and Dr. Stone is our program director. Dr. Stone, he is away and he'll actually probably is traveling back tomorrow. But, you know, it is sad he had to go all the way to Hawaii and, you know, to present. I wonder if he presented the whole time. I bet you he had a vacation while he was there, too. And I don't blame him for that. But anyway, Dr. Stone, you will meet him. Some of you will actually, he will be working with you in some capacity, some of you, but he is the go to person. If Dr. Revis and I don't have the answer, then Dr. Stone is the one that you will go to and we go to. He's so he's such a great person to work with. But I just want to say thank you so much for choosing Gardner Web University. You could have you could have chosen any other place, but you chose Gardner Web. And I will tell you, I have been with Gardner Web for 14 years as an adjunct professor. I love love what I what I do. I've watched I've watched the transformations over the years. We are in a transformation now, Dr. Revis and I are. But you're in a good place, guess what? Because you weren't the first group that that had to that we had to work with. We've we've learned a lot over the last semester. So life should be a lot, lot better for you this semester because it's not we're not going to have to be creating things by the seat of our bridges sometime. We've got a lot of good stuff established for you. And it's going to be a great semester. And I'm glad that you have that you've chosen to embrace this opportunity to become a 21st century school administrator. It will be Dr. Revis and my responsibility to to lay the groundwork to to to to have a great foundation for you so that you will be successful in this program. And before I turn it over to Dr. Revis to introduce herself, I want to ask you right now. You wouldn't have signed up for this program if you did not want a change in your career and in your life. And so is it going to be easy? No, and it shouldn't be easy. You you you're going to be challenged with some some some great responsibilities. You have the lives of our children, our future in your hands. You will be the teachers of teachers serving as administrators, not children anymore, but teachers of teachers. And so, you know, our job is to over the next 15 weeks, counting this week, our job is to lay that foundation and to to help you know and figure out that you can do this and help you be successful in this program. And I can tell you this, anybody that has stuck with us, even when you when you when we have to talk you off the ledge sometime and we and we don't even charge you for that. We will, you know, we counsel for free. So, you know, when you get to that point, you know, let us do it. But anybody that has worked with us has listened to us has stuck with us has always come back and said, Dr. Stedman, Dr. Revis, you were right. Now these first three or four weeks, you're going to want to quit every night. You're going to want to quit on the weekend. You're going to say, I can't do this, but you can do it. And I want you to make a promise to us right now that before you get to that point, you'll pick up the phone and you'll call us in. You'll say, Dr. Stedman, Dr. Revis, I need a session, a free session right now. And let us talk you off the ledge. And, you know, again, you wouldn't have signed up for it if you didn't want something different. And we need people like you that want to make a difference and will make a difference. And, you know, I'm just excited to be a part of this next step in your life. Dr. Revis. Well, good evening. I love teaching this first course. Dr. Stedman and I have been team teaching this class for many years. So we almost are like, you know, we can finish each other's sentences sometimes and.