I think if they see that whole elephant, it could be overwhelming. So let's just talk and maybe answer some of their questions that they have right now. Most of you are in the 12-month program, which is a year. I think we have a couple of three that's in the 15-month program, the full program. It doesn't matter. For this semester, the beginning semester, it's all the same. The only difference is your clinical internship hours will be different, but Dr. Revis and I will differentiate that. It's not going to change one thing. The work requirements are going to be the same. But you're going to find in the work that you do, especially if you're in any type of leadership role at the school, or even if you have led your professional learning communities before, if you've been a part of that, a lot of this stuff, you're going to say, I remember when the curriculum specialist did this, or I remember when you understand that you've seen a lot of it. Our job is to help you understand how you can take that, embrace that as a 21st century administrator and move forward to promote academic and student success in a school. So basically what we're doing is we're looking at overall school improvement, a school improvement plan. We're looking at pretty much every aspect of what that looks like over the next three semesters. For some of you, it will be five semesters, but for the two, it's over three semesters. You will go from beginning to the end and you will have actually, it won't be something that you have heard about. You will actually have done it. You will become experts at it. You will become the professionals that understand and know what it takes to move a school from point A to point B. You will understand looking at the demographics of your school, what you've got to do to move that pendulum. That's our goal. Everything we do, teachers are important, principals are important, but it's all about the students and it's all about student success and student achievement. If it wasn't for the students, then none of us would be needed anyway. Dr. Revis has already alluded to it. We don't have all the answers, but we've got a lot of the answers. You can't get as old as I am and not have a lot of the answers. We've done it all. We've taught school. We were assistant principals. We were principals. Both of us have been high school principals. We both have worked extensively at the district level. It's just that when my 34 years, I had 34 years, and when my 34 years came, I stayed out six months. I said, bump this. I can't take this. I have not stopped. I pride myself in still learning and being a part of the learning process every day. Guess what? You're going to teach us. Dr. Revis and I learn from our students every semester. One of the things that you do since I'm not in the school anymore, you help me be a part of the school, a part of the school systems. You help me understand the relevance of what's happening now. We learn so much from you guys as well. It's a give and take. We're going to give you everything that we've got. We're going to pour out into you everything that we have and that we've got over this semester and probably even after this semester. Then you're going to pour back into us as well. The good thing about it is if you are on my roster, if I'm your teacher of record, that means that Dr. Revis is going to be your clinical coach too. That means you're going to be working with both of us. If you are on Dr. Revis's, she's your teacher of record, you're on her roster, then I'm your clinical coach too and you're going to be working with me. It's seamless. It works hand in glove and it's seamless. The way we do the program has proven to be very, very successful. All of you will come online with Dr. Revis and me each week. Our classes are on Wednesdays at 7 o'clock. I highly encourage you to show up. Those that show up and participate in the face-to-face classes online have a tendency to be much, much more successful in this program. We will record everything. You'll get it that night. It will be in your blackboard shell and you can go back and look at it. There's just something about. It's almost like being face-to-face, being in that classroom and working and we treat it that way.