We say Blackboard doesn't like Apple computers either. So we always suggest that if you have that extra cash line around after Christmas, right? So we always try to suggest that you get, you know, a Lenovo or a cheap PC to do your Gardner Web work on. Blackboard's just a little funny about Apple products. So we all use PCs and that's what we would suggest. But when you go into your Blackboard shell, you saw there, you'll see the other things about that. Integrity attestation, go ahead and complete that. Complete your Blackboard if you haven't done that. Those are the little things that you can go ahead and just knock out of the way and it won't take you that long. But we meet for class on Wednesday at seven o'clock. So we're asking you to, if you haven't already, just go ahead and just familiarize yourself with Blackboard. Jot down any questions that you would have of us at that time because we're gonna have to hit the road running, you know, with, you know, as we introduce the NCPPA and the assignments that are associated with that so that you can go ahead and get started on some things. So we will, you know, we'll move along, but we'll take the time to answer your questions and to, you know, and to... Can I show them the calendar feature? Yes, ma'am, go ahead. For some reason, I was gonna have to go back out. I lost it and I... Okay. So I'm glad you put it back up. Now this is what my Blackboard looks like. You know, I've got some things hidden from you that you're not gonna see like this right here. You're not gonna see that, but you should see welcome to the class. Here's a link, recurring Zoom link that we'll use every time we have class and there's a passcode. Dr. Rebus, they can go to their calendar and that same recording link's gonna be there every week. I love this calendar feature. For example, tonight, I've got a little dot there. And so if I scroll down, I should have a link. That's an active link for your town hall and there's your passcode. So when it comes to Wednesday night at seven, go to your calendar and you would see your link to join and there's a passcode on the end of it. And I love the calendar because it also gives you, somebody was asking about a drop box. Will, you can actually find drop boxes for all your assignments. When's our first assignment due? Go to the month. Move from day to month, Dr. Rebus. So what's that? Go to the top at the calendar, go to month. Now scroll down, scroll down. You see that? Now you see on the 18th, those three assignments, everything, you can click on them right there and complete them. These are the drop boxes. Now they're not due to the 18th, but guys, I'd like for you to go ahead and do it. So we can get it over with. Get it over with. But they're the three drop boxes for those three little things here, point of peace. And we'll talk about our grading and everything like that. Your first assignment that you're gonna start working on this week is due on February the 1st. All your assignments will be due on Sunday evening by six. And so the first assignment we're gonna do is we're gonna do a data dive. And you may say, well, I teach DTE, I don't use EOGs and EOCs. And guess what, friends? You're gonna learn how to use it today or this semester. And that's just because if you're a principal, you gotta know how to look at data and disaggregate data and make some sense out of your data. So there's your assignment drop box. Well, I'd rather some of Brooklyn had sent me a message earlier and I responded back about the classes. Let me tell you why 601 is on Wednesday night. Because of the work that you have to do, you've got to be sensitive of, you've got to have time in the week to meet with your principal sometime. You've got to have time to meet with your teacher. And if something's on Monday or if it's late, it just messes up or you run out of time and you don't have time to do it. So this gives you time to get your assignments on Wednesday night, understand it. You've got Thursday and Friday still to work on things, but you still have Monday and Tuesday of next week to work it out. It just has over the years, it has proven to be the best time for beginning students to be able to get everything in that they need to get in. So that was the premise behind, Gardner, we're moving it to Wednesday night and working with Wednesday night. You have more time to meet with your principal, to meet with your PLCs or whomever you're working with.