What other questions? When we meet on Wednesday night, we're going to take... Right now you've got the whole elephant. We're going to start taking the elephant one bite at a time. I know that you're going to have lots of questions. I like the fact, Dr. Revis, we've got a smaller group this time. We're going to be able to really be much more personal with you, by having the smaller groups and more intimate time working with you. I know you're going to have lots and lots of questions. We expect that. We do, at the end of class, we will ask probably to hold questions until the end of the class for the most part. Then those of you that don't have any questions, you can sign off and go on about your business. Those that have questions, you know, we'll entertain them at the end. We don't leave until everybody's questions are answered. Allison asked a question, is there also a coaching session at 530 this Wednesday? No. If you got that email or that announcement, that was from me because they had my coaching internship shells switched. So no, you do not have a coaching session at 530. You will come online, go to your calendar, get the link. The next time we see you will be Wednesday at seven. South Carolina, you have to do just like North Carolina does. You will have to take the NCPPA. Now, I think South Carolina does require you to take the praxis, unless they've changed. I think you have to take the praxis at some time, but North Carolina's, once you get certified in North Carolina, South Carolina reciprocates that certification. But I can tell you this, in all the years that we have been working in this program, we've never had a South Carolina student not to pass the praxis the first time ever. And if you complete that portfolio successfully, you'll have no problems taking the praxis. And every South Carolina person that's ever taken it and communicated back with me, Dr. Reves and me, has told us how it really was somewhat of a breeze because of what they had learned in the program. So you'll be fine. Well, if you've got questions between now and Wednesday, just be sure and jot them down. And like Dr. Sedmon said, we have an open question and answer session at the end of class. And that's just so we don't get bogged down as we go through. Tonight was a little informal. Again, we just really want to welcome you to the program and to Gardner Web University. And we're excited about following you and supporting you on your journey. Dr. Reves, have you got the, I don't have the textbook in this in this office with me. Have you got the textbook? Yes, the name of the textbook. I'll put it in the chat. OK, thank you. OK, somebody was asking. Let me see. OK, I want to talk to me. Let me see. Let me see. OK, give me a second. Let me come down to the bottom. Is there a South? No, Tommy, there's not a South Carolina portfolio. It's but it's no different. You have to everything has because you're going through a North Carolina program. You have to get North Carolina certified and then South Carolina will reciprocate everything. So the the the School of Education at Gardner Web will help you with that when that time comes. We'll help you with that. So there's never been a problem. So you won't have a problem. And they have actually this past year, South Carolina has actually softened some of their requirements. So, you know, at one time when you did an internship, clinical internship in South Carolina, if you did it in an elementary school, you could only get a job in an elementary school. If you did it in a high school, you could know. But now it doesn't matter. The internship will count for any level now. So. They just recently did that. OK. Hey, Melanie, you're right. When you go to when you go to it's not an assignment in your internship show, it's a discussion. About me is a is a discussion. There are.