So please, please make every effort to try to be with us. And, you know, the first two or three weeks, it may take a little bit longer because we're trying to get acclimated to things, but we, we make every effort to start at seven o'clock and we try our best to end at eight o'clock. We're very cognizant of your time and the fact that you've got families and that you've got to get ready for, you know, to go back to work the next day. But, but the first first two or three weeks, it may take a little bit longer. So bear with us. But after that, it pretty much it pretty much settles down to about an hour. Don't you think so, Dr. Revis? Right. The first couple of weeks, we'll go over a little bit. And that's just because we've got a lot of introductory material. I'm wondering, Dr. Stedman, should we show them the the assignments, the three things they need to do? Because I would love for everyone to go ahead and complete the About Me assignment. Yes, let me. So I can be getting to know you. And while you're doing that, Brooklyn Foster, Marion, North Carolina, where do you teach or work? I am at McDowell High School. OK, do you know Kelly Holstein? She used to work in the CTE and now she I don't know what she does right now. It's just something with CTE testing. That's my niece. Is she is it Grindstaff or is it? Well, it's Kelly Grindstaff Holstein. Now she may go by Kelly Grindstaff. She does go by Grindstaff. Yeah. Yeah. OK, that's my niece. And I'm originally from Old Fort. Oh, I taught there. OK, so it's good to see somebody that is close by. I live in Henderson County now. Awesome. Dr. Evans, Brooklyn and her husband pastor church. OK, I've been trying to get Kelly to get into this program. I think she'd make an awesome school administrator. I think she likes to travel too much. Dr. Evans, where do you want me to go? Um, let's we're in your classroom board, check core shell and first of all, I would say to you is try, try, try to go in there and just familiarize yourself with the layout. See the assignment that I think maybe you go back up. Here it is. And you're going to see about myself. OK, we call that assignment, Dr. Stedman. Now you've got two core shells. You've got a class shell, which you'll either have me or Dr. Stedman. And that is going to be labeled. Is it MSA or is it still say MELS 601? It's MELS, I think 601. OK, so that's your major core shell. And so you'll either have one of us and then you have a clinical core shell and it is numbered MELS 698. So in both core shells that should be showing up for you in Blackboard, you need to do. Yes, you can just do it for one, upload it there, go to your other core shell, copy and paste it and upload it there. We just want to know a little bit about you. And to help us tailor, you know, a little bit more of this. You know, how do you do your assignments and how are we going to kind of group you guys together? You're going to have you're going to work in some teams together. And so it helps us just get to know you a little bit quicker. If you'll go ahead and do that assignment and then there's an anything you want to say about this, Dr. Stedman? But again, like you said, you've already cleared it up. It's you know, it's it's for both of us. If you're in Dr. Revis's class, I need to know about you as well. So make sure you go in and put it in your internship shell as well. And right now he is. Dana, what you do is once you copy this and write into it, there is a drop that is actually a student drop box that he was showing you. You just open that assignment drop box. And you upload. It's very easy to just upload that into that assignment drop box that says about myself. Blackboard is probably an older learning management system than you're probably using in your in your school. So you say may use Blackboard. Many of you probably use Canva and I don't know what else out there. But we still use Blackboard and it's a little bit hard. It's a little bit hard to learn where things are in our core shells. We've got a question from Allison. That's a good question. We do not like Google links because Blackboard doesn't like Google links. So we always recommend that you download to a regular Word document. And if you don't have Microsoft Word, you get a free subscription in Garner Web on the home page. If you look around a little bit there, there is a link that you can download a free subscription to the suite of Microsoft Office tools. But.