Gather the data and things. It has worked. It has proven to be very successful. And that going back to the calendar, you notice that for an assignment one, you have to use eternity. And of course, that detects pleasure is pleasure ism issues and. And. A written work, so please make sure that you are all your work is original because we don't want you to have to redo the first time we may say, you know, you got to redo it because. Your turn it in similarity report was too high or your report was too high. You know, we'll give you one time, but after that, you know, there's some academic. Repercussions, but anyway, just be cognizant. We will talk about that. Reader academic integrity at a station and it explains all of those tools. Some of them that we use all the time, like Grammarly and Microsoft co-pilot. You can use grammar Grammarly to check your grammar, but you can't use it to paraphrase work and to generate. You know, Senate structures and your own paragraphs, but. There's some limited uses that are acceptable, but everything you do will have to be turned in through turn it in. Except for the work that you do for NC PPA for that assessment portfolio and we'll talk more about that later. Is there anything Tommy Tommy? No, Tommy asked the question about the textbook. Don't go to don't go to bulldole bundle. You'll pay a fortune for there. You only have one textbook that you did from us and it's listed in your. In your core shell and order it from order it from Amazon. You'll get it a lot faster and you'll get it a lot cheaper, but you'll need if you're getting financial aid. You will need to opt out of the bulldole bundle. Now, if you're paying, they all need to all have to opt out of it. So, yes, so if you order your textbook and that's the only textbook you'll need, you'll be using the APA 7th edition for your writing purposes, but. We really you don't need to order that manual because we will provide you with what the APA that you need and sources where you can get what you need. You can order it if you want to, but it's not a requirement. We put it in there. That's optional for you, but Tommy good question. Go ahead and go ahead and place your if you can go ahead and place that order tonight and get your textbook. But be sure to opt out everybody needs to go there and you need to do that. Tonight or tomorrow, someone asked me about a format a PDF PDFs are OK. They're aggravating for me as an instructor because it opens up in a completely new window and it just causes me a lot of. A lot of extra work because I have to close that window to go give you feedback and we do give you thorough feedback. So my preference is not PDF is just a Microsoft Word. OK. Jara, you asked the question about if you've already got it electronically, if you've done anything with them, they're going to charge you for it. So if if if you have gone through a bundle and ordered anything and you keep it, you're going to they're going to charge you for it. So you ordered did they have that textbook, our textbook in in there electronically? It's already there like I saw the information to opt out, but I just wasn't sure exactly what it was. Or they already gave it to me. Yeah, it does say we have until the twenty first to opt out. OK, you can still get back and opt out. I would order it and you're going to want to have the hard copy of this. OK, so that you can I would and it's not expensive at all. I think that revises what less than twenty dollars. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, and we'll use it all this semester. It's a good reference, but to fall back on as well, you'll use it again next semester to you'll refer to it in your second semester as well. Forty dollars Christine. Oh, that's high. Yeah, somewhere. What's that place you get yours from? I got my thrift books. Yeah, I ordered from thrift books, but you want three books you can get. You can get like if. Sometimes you can get get it for half price at thrift books. So they've gone up. Camisha said she paid thirty dollars from Amazon, so they must have gone up on it brand new because we got ours. Dr. Jefferson, I got ours last semester. We got it for. It was a Dr. Travis, you paid more than I did for mine because I went I did. I got my Amazon and I got and I got mine through thrift books and it was more expensive than yours. Yeah, I'm a bargain shopper. So. And good confirmation.