He's the bad guy always. I'm always the good guy. So remember that as you're working through your program. And we like to have a good time. It's intensive, guys. It is. It's intensive. But you're going to look back on this and you're going to really, I think, you're going to learn so much. Now, I know that I have a couple people in my class who've already done the About Me assignment. You're already working in school administration in some capacity. I have several instructional coaches. Anyway, so many of you are already in a school leadership role. I've got a football coach. And let me tell you what, if you've been a head football coach, you can run a school. I promise you that. But, you know, my background is I spent most of my career while I was at the school level as a high school in high school teaching assistant principal and principalship. But then I spent and you can read my bio. Then I spent about 20 plus years as district level assistant superintendent for curriculum. And so then I was working with principals and doing a lot of leadership development with our principals. This is an exciting place for you to be. We're going to be asking some of you to step way out of your comfort zone. And that's good. Some of you are going to be have already lived there, so you're going to feel very comfortable there. But, you know, our focus this semester is getting you started in this program with a good foundation. We're going to teach content and we're going to work on your in CPPA portfolio extensively in this course. And we're going to help you work through that process. That's the North Carolina principals portfolio assessment. And whether you're in North Carolina, South Carolina, you got to take it and you've got to pass all three parts. And so in this class, we focus on laying a strong foundation so you can feel good about that assessment that you're going to submit along the way during your coursework. We're also going to work with you as you complete your clinical hours. Now, let me just say this. If you're a high school or middle school teacher in the classroom, you're going to be fine doing your clinical work because you get a good planning block. I feel for elementary classroom teachers because you get a tiny block of time every day, maybe away from your students. But from here on out, you need to be thinking about spending that little block of time while you're in school, trying to do some take on some leadership responsibilities and roles for your clinical work. We'll talk about the clinical work when we get into class. Don't want you to worry about that now. Just want you to be thinking about how you can help your school administrative team maybe do a special project or, you know, take on a role that they've been doing. We don't expect you to jump in and do student discipline right off the bat. Unless you're already doing that, but you have to document 200 hours. Some of those hours can come from the work you're going to do for us in class, but a large part of it has to come from the work you're doing in your school. Now, if you if you work at the school district level, you may think, oh, goodness, how am I going to do that? We'll talk you off the ledge. We've had many, many people work even at the State Department regional offices be able to complete this program. We will we will work with you through all of this. The main thing I want you to know is this is this class difficult? No. Is this class time consuming? Yes. This is a time consuming program. So you just got to get that mindset, you know, and know that for the next year and a half, you're going to have to roll your sleeves up and you're going to have to be doing work, you know, every night or every weekend to be able to be successful in this program. And day every day at your school, but you can do it. We we get many, many people we we pride ourselves in not losing you. So if you wrote run into some roadblocks, as Dr. Steadman said, we are a phone call away. Okay, we want to help you work through all your roadblocks. Now, you know, we don't have a magic wand or anything like that, but we make a commitment and we pride ourselves on keeping you enrolled in the program because we want you to be successful. You wouldn't be here unless you wanted it. And we want to be a part of that helping you get that. Not Rayvonda, you're 20 minutes from me. I know where Stony Point is. You're at Stony Point Elementary, aren't you? I know where Stony Point is. I live in St. Paul's right down 95 from you. So, but anyway, so we've been doing our reading. We we know some things about you already. If you've gone in and responded. So we've learned about some of you already. I'm going to share the screen and we're. You know what? These are our students. I'm not even going to share that screen because it's it's stuff in there that you and I are going to to begin unveiling a little bit at a time and.