Those are assignments in your internship shell. It's just a discussion. I put the name of the text and the authors. Now, that is not correct APA's format, but I was just trying to get it done quickly. By this time, two weeks from now, you will be able to nail me to the wall on this citation. Well, Dr. Stammer, that's all I've got tonight. Brooklyn asked the question, who grades the portfolio? That goes to actually Pearson grades the portfolio for DPI. They contract with DPI, NCDPI to grade the portfolio. And we'll talk about some due dates. You'll have to go ahead and register for task one probably in February, I think, Dr. Revis, sometime. But we'll tell you when you have to do that. You will have to pay out of pocket this, you know, until next, your last semester, you will not. It will be embedded in your fees then, but right now, they did not get approval we had to start this. We had to start the program pretty quickly when we started to get back in August. So the board had not approved the fees or whatever, and they had to go through a big process. So you'll pay $125 for task one. And then when you take task two, that will be in the summer, you will pay $150. And those that are 12 months, when you enroll in the fall to take your last class, 605, and you do task three, that at that time, hopefully will be embedded in your fees and you won't have to have to pay it at that time. It'll already be embedded in your fees when you make your payment for the semester. Those are the plans anyway. But Dr. Revis and I we will let you know well in advance, you know, when these dates are and we'll guide you the whole step of the way. We're not going to leave you stranded at all. So you don't ever have to worry about anything. Okay. Everybody going to show up Wednesday night now? Okay. Don't make me get in my car and go have to find you. Okay. I want everybody back on Wednesday. We don't want to lose any of our students. You already belong to us. Okay. As we have pressing questions that you need to answer before Wednesday, you can email us. Right. Or you got you got our phone numbers, we put those in there as well. You know, I may not get answer the phone right then. But if Tommy calls and you say, Dr. Staben, this is Tommy, 601 class. When you get a chance, give me a call back at such and such a number. And you know, I'll call back because I work, I still work a full-time job as well as this. And Dr. Revis does too. Y'all let me tell you about Dr. Revis. Dr. Revis builds houses. That's her new life. She builds houses. She's not building one right now, but she flips homes. She really does. And my family business does that. She's good at it. But my son and husband work in the business and Dr. Staben says, I bet you're in charge, aren't you? Most of the time. And I should just say, yes, I am. But anyway, I've worked with her long enough. I don't have to ask. Guys, we look forward to working with you. And again, let us know if there's anything between now and Wednesday. We will see you Wednesday. It is important to be in class. And let me tell you why every great once in a while, we record every session, but there have been times when something goes crazy. You know how technology is when we're processing the recording and it just messes up and we don't have one. So anyway, just try to be in class. Best practice. Okay. Okay. We'll see you Wednesday. So good meeting all of you. And we are excited about the semester. Okay. Okay. Bye, everybody. Good night.