[0m_6m]
Anyway, I've spoken to most of you as you, hey, Dana, I didn't see you. I've spoken to most of you as you've shown your pictures. If you would, if you would show yourselves, if you would please. We'd like to see everybody. But I am Dr. Stedman, Dr. Danny Stedman, and I will be one of your main instructors this semester. And Dr. Revis, who will introduce herself in a minute, will be the other. You will be, you will be with us for this entire semester with pretty much everything that you do. So we wanted to take this opportunity tonight just to, you know, to try to ease some of the butterflies that you might have or to answer some of the questions that you might have. We have an agenda that Dr. Stone would have prepared, and Dr. Stone is our program director. Dr. Stone, he is away and he'll actually probably is traveling back tomorrow. But, you know, it is sad he had to go all the way to Hawaii and, you know, to present. I wonder if he presented the whole time. I bet you he had a vacation while he was there, too. And I don't blame him for that. But anyway, Dr. Stone, you will meet him. Some of you will actually, he will be working with you in some capacity, some of you, but he is the go to person. If Dr. Revis and I don't have the answer, then Dr. Stone is the one that you will go to and we go to. He's so he's such a great person to work with. But I just want to say thank you so much for choosing Gardner Web University. You could have you could have chosen any other place, but you chose Gardner Web. And I will tell you, I have been with Gardner Web for 14 years as an adjunct professor. I love love what I what I do. I've watched I've watched the transformations over the years. We are in a transformation now, Dr. Revis and I are. But you're in a good place, guess what? Because you weren't the first group that that had to that we had to work with. We've we've learned a lot over the last semester. So life should be a lot, lot better for you this semester because it's not we're not going to have to be creating things by the seat of our bridges sometime. We've got a lot of good stuff established for you. And it's going to be a great semester. And I'm glad that you have that you've chosen to embrace this opportunity to become a 21st century school administrator. It will be Dr. Revis and my responsibility to to lay the groundwork to to to to have a great foundation for you so that you will be successful in this program. And before I turn it over to Dr. Revis to introduce herself, I want to ask you right now. You wouldn't have signed up for this program if you did not want a change in your career and in your life. And so is it going to be easy? No, and it shouldn't be easy. You you you're going to be challenged with some some some great responsibilities. You have the lives of our children, our future in your hands. You will be the teachers of teachers serving as administrators, not children anymore, but teachers of teachers. And so, you know, our job is to over the next 15 weeks, counting this week, our job is to lay that foundation and to to help you know and figure out that you can do this and help you be successful in this program. And I can tell you this, anybody that has stuck with us, even when you when you when we have to talk you off the ledge sometime and we and we don't even charge you for that. We will, you know, we counsel for free. So, you know, when you get to that point, you know, let us do it. But anybody that has worked with us has listened to us has stuck with us has always come back and said, Dr. Stedman, Dr. Revis, you were right. Now these first three or four weeks, you're going to want to quit every night. You're going to want to quit on the weekend. You're going to say, I can't do this, but you can do it. And I want you to make a promise to us right now that before you get to that point, you'll pick up the phone and you'll call us in. You'll say, Dr. Stedman, Dr. Revis, I need a session, a free session right now. And let us talk you off the ledge. And, you know, again, you wouldn't have signed up for it if you didn't want something different. And we need people like you that want to make a difference and will make a difference. And, you know, I'm just excited to be a part of this next step in your life. Dr. Revis. Well, good evening. I love teaching this first course. Dr. Stedman and I have been team teaching this class for many years. So we almost are like, you know, we can finish each other's sentences sometimes and.

[6m_12m]
He's the bad guy always. I'm always the good guy. So remember that as you're working through your program. And we like to have a good time. It's intensive, guys. It is. It's intensive. But you're going to look back on this and you're going to really, I think, you're going to learn so much. Now, I know that I have a couple people in my class who've already done the About Me assignment. You're already working in school administration in some capacity. I have several instructional coaches. Anyway, so many of you are already in a school leadership role. I've got a football coach. And let me tell you what, if you've been a head football coach, you can run a school. I promise you that. But, you know, my background is I spent most of my career while I was at the school level as a high school in high school teaching assistant principal and principalship. But then I spent and you can read my bio. Then I spent about 20 plus years as district level assistant superintendent for curriculum. And so then I was working with principals and doing a lot of leadership development with our principals. This is an exciting place for you to be. We're going to be asking some of you to step way out of your comfort zone. And that's good. Some of you are going to be have already lived there, so you're going to feel very comfortable there. But, you know, our focus this semester is getting you started in this program with a good foundation. We're going to teach content and we're going to work on your in CPPA portfolio extensively in this course. And we're going to help you work through that process. That's the North Carolina principals portfolio assessment. And whether you're in North Carolina, South Carolina, you got to take it and you've got to pass all three parts. And so in this class, we focus on laying a strong foundation so you can feel good about that assessment that you're going to submit along the way during your coursework. We're also going to work with you as you complete your clinical hours. Now, let me just say this. If you're a high school or middle school teacher in the classroom, you're going to be fine doing your clinical work because you get a good planning block. I feel for elementary classroom teachers because you get a tiny block of time every day, maybe away from your students. But from here on out, you need to be thinking about spending that little block of time while you're in school, trying to do some take on some leadership responsibilities and roles for your clinical work. We'll talk about the clinical work when we get into class. Don't want you to worry about that now. Just want you to be thinking about how you can help your school administrative team maybe do a special project or, you know, take on a role that they've been doing. We don't expect you to jump in and do student discipline right off the bat. Unless you're already doing that, but you have to document 200 hours. Some of those hours can come from the work you're going to do for us in class, but a large part of it has to come from the work you're doing in your school. Now, if you if you work at the school district level, you may think, oh, goodness, how am I going to do that? We'll talk you off the ledge. We've had many, many people work even at the State Department regional offices be able to complete this program. We will we will work with you through all of this. The main thing I want you to know is this is this class difficult? No. Is this class time consuming? Yes. This is a time consuming program. So you just got to get that mindset, you know, and know that for the next year and a half, you're going to have to roll your sleeves up and you're going to have to be doing work, you know, every night or every weekend to be able to be successful in this program. And day every day at your school, but you can do it. We we get many, many people we we pride ourselves in not losing you. So if you wrote run into some roadblocks, as Dr. Steadman said, we are a phone call away. Okay, we want to help you work through all your roadblocks. Now, you know, we don't have a magic wand or anything like that, but we make a commitment and we pride ourselves on keeping you enrolled in the program because we want you to be successful. You wouldn't be here unless you wanted it. And we want to be a part of that helping you get that. Not Rayvonda, you're 20 minutes from me. I know where Stony Point is. You're at Stony Point Elementary, aren't you? I know where Stony Point is. I live in St. Paul's right down 95 from you. So, but anyway, so we've been doing our reading. We we know some things about you already. If you've gone in and responded. So we've learned about some of you already. I'm going to share the screen and we're. You know what? These are our students. I'm not even going to share that screen because it's it's stuff in there that you and I are going to to begin unveiling a little bit at a time and.

[12m_18m]
I think if they see that whole elephant, it could be overwhelming. So let's just talk and maybe answer some of their questions that they have right now. Most of you are in the 12-month program, which is a year. I think we have a couple of three that's in the 15-month program, the full program. It doesn't matter. For this semester, the beginning semester, it's all the same. The only difference is your clinical internship hours will be different, but Dr. Revis and I will differentiate that. It's not going to change one thing. The work requirements are going to be the same. But you're going to find in the work that you do, especially if you're in any type of leadership role at the school, or even if you have led your professional learning communities before, if you've been a part of that, a lot of this stuff, you're going to say, I remember when the curriculum specialist did this, or I remember when you understand that you've seen a lot of it. Our job is to help you understand how you can take that, embrace that as a 21st century administrator and move forward to promote academic and student success in a school. So basically what we're doing is we're looking at overall school improvement, a school improvement plan. We're looking at pretty much every aspect of what that looks like over the next three semesters. For some of you, it will be five semesters, but for the two, it's over three semesters. You will go from beginning to the end and you will have actually, it won't be something that you have heard about. You will actually have done it. You will become experts at it. You will become the professionals that understand and know what it takes to move a school from point A to point B. You will understand looking at the demographics of your school, what you've got to do to move that pendulum. That's our goal. Everything we do, teachers are important, principals are important, but it's all about the students and it's all about student success and student achievement. If it wasn't for the students, then none of us would be needed anyway. Dr. Revis has already alluded to it. We don't have all the answers, but we've got a lot of the answers. You can't get as old as I am and not have a lot of the answers. We've done it all. We've taught school. We were assistant principals. We were principals. Both of us have been high school principals. We both have worked extensively at the district level. It's just that when my 34 years, I had 34 years, and when my 34 years came, I stayed out six months. I said, bump this. I can't take this. I have not stopped. I pride myself in still learning and being a part of the learning process every day. Guess what? You're going to teach us. Dr. Revis and I learn from our students every semester. One of the things that you do since I'm not in the school anymore, you help me be a part of the school, a part of the school systems. You help me understand the relevance of what's happening now. We learn so much from you guys as well. It's a give and take. We're going to give you everything that we've got. We're going to pour out into you everything that we have and that we've got over this semester and probably even after this semester. Then you're going to pour back into us as well. The good thing about it is if you are on my roster, if I'm your teacher of record, that means that Dr. Revis is going to be your clinical coach too. That means you're going to be working with both of us. If you are on Dr. Revis's, she's your teacher of record, you're on her roster, then I'm your clinical coach too and you're going to be working with me. It's seamless. It works hand in glove and it's seamless. The way we do the program has proven to be very, very successful. All of you will come online with Dr. Revis and me each week. Our classes are on Wednesdays at 7 o'clock. I highly encourage you to show up. Those that show up and participate in the face-to-face classes online have a tendency to be much, much more successful in this program. We will record everything. You'll get it that night. It will be in your blackboard shell and you can go back and look at it. There's just something about. It's almost like being face-to-face, being in that classroom and working and we treat it that way.

[18m_24m]
So please, please make every effort to try to be with us. And, you know, the first two or three weeks, it may take a little bit longer because we're trying to get acclimated to things, but we, we make every effort to start at seven o'clock and we try our best to end at eight o'clock. We're very cognizant of your time and the fact that you've got families and that you've got to get ready for, you know, to go back to work the next day. But, but the first first two or three weeks, it may take a little bit longer. So bear with us. But after that, it pretty much it pretty much settles down to about an hour. Don't you think so, Dr. Revis? Right. The first couple of weeks, we'll go over a little bit. And that's just because we've got a lot of introductory material. I'm wondering, Dr. Stedman, should we show them the the assignments, the three things they need to do? Because I would love for everyone to go ahead and complete the About Me assignment. Yes, let me. So I can be getting to know you. And while you're doing that, Brooklyn Foster, Marion, North Carolina, where do you teach or work? I am at McDowell High School. OK, do you know Kelly Holstein? She used to work in the CTE and now she I don't know what she does right now. It's just something with CTE testing. That's my niece. Is she is it Grindstaff or is it? Well, it's Kelly Grindstaff Holstein. Now she may go by Kelly Grindstaff. She does go by Grindstaff. Yeah. Yeah. OK, that's my niece. And I'm originally from Old Fort. Oh, I taught there. OK, so it's good to see somebody that is close by. I live in Henderson County now. Awesome. Dr. Evans, Brooklyn and her husband pastor church. OK, I've been trying to get Kelly to get into this program. I think she'd make an awesome school administrator. I think she likes to travel too much. Dr. Evans, where do you want me to go? Um, let's we're in your classroom board, check core shell and first of all, I would say to you is try, try, try to go in there and just familiarize yourself with the layout. See the assignment that I think maybe you go back up. Here it is. And you're going to see about myself. OK, we call that assignment, Dr. Stedman. Now you've got two core shells. You've got a class shell, which you'll either have me or Dr. Stedman. And that is going to be labeled. Is it MSA or is it still say MELS 601? It's MELS, I think 601. OK, so that's your major core shell. And so you'll either have one of us and then you have a clinical core shell and it is numbered MELS 698. So in both core shells that should be showing up for you in Blackboard, you need to do. Yes, you can just do it for one, upload it there, go to your other core shell, copy and paste it and upload it there. We just want to know a little bit about you. And to help us tailor, you know, a little bit more of this. You know, how do you do your assignments and how are we going to kind of group you guys together? You're going to have you're going to work in some teams together. And so it helps us just get to know you a little bit quicker. If you'll go ahead and do that assignment and then there's an anything you want to say about this, Dr. Stedman? But again, like you said, you've already cleared it up. It's you know, it's it's for both of us. If you're in Dr. Revis's class, I need to know about you as well. So make sure you go in and put it in your internship shell as well. And right now he is. Dana, what you do is once you copy this and write into it, there is a drop that is actually a student drop box that he was showing you. You just open that assignment drop box. And you upload. It's very easy to just upload that into that assignment drop box that says about myself. Blackboard is probably an older learning management system than you're probably using in your in your school. So you say may use Blackboard. Many of you probably use Canva and I don't know what else out there. But we still use Blackboard and it's a little bit hard. It's a little bit hard to learn where things are in our core shells. We've got a question from Allison. That's a good question. We do not like Google links because Blackboard doesn't like Google links. So we always recommend that you download to a regular Word document. And if you don't have Microsoft Word, you get a free subscription in Garner Web on the home page. If you look around a little bit there, there is a link that you can download a free subscription to the suite of Microsoft Office tools. But.

[24m_30m]
We say Blackboard doesn't like Apple computers either. So we always suggest that if you have that extra cash line around after Christmas, right? So we always try to suggest that you get, you know, a Lenovo or a cheap PC to do your Gardner Web work on. Blackboard's just a little funny about Apple products. So we all use PCs and that's what we would suggest. But when you go into your Blackboard shell, you saw there, you'll see the other things about that. Integrity attestation, go ahead and complete that. Complete your Blackboard if you haven't done that. Those are the little things that you can go ahead and just knock out of the way and it won't take you that long. But we meet for class on Wednesday at seven o'clock. So we're asking you to, if you haven't already, just go ahead and just familiarize yourself with Blackboard. Jot down any questions that you would have of us at that time because we're gonna have to hit the road running, you know, with, you know, as we introduce the NCPPA and the assignments that are associated with that so that you can go ahead and get started on some things. So we will, you know, we'll move along, but we'll take the time to answer your questions and to, you know, and to... Can I show them the calendar feature? Yes, ma'am, go ahead. For some reason, I was gonna have to go back out. I lost it and I... Okay. So I'm glad you put it back up. Now this is what my Blackboard looks like. You know, I've got some things hidden from you that you're not gonna see like this right here. You're not gonna see that, but you should see welcome to the class. Here's a link, recurring Zoom link that we'll use every time we have class and there's a passcode. Dr. Rebus, they can go to their calendar and that same recording link's gonna be there every week. I love this calendar feature. For example, tonight, I've got a little dot there. And so if I scroll down, I should have a link. That's an active link for your town hall and there's your passcode. So when it comes to Wednesday night at seven, go to your calendar and you would see your link to join and there's a passcode on the end of it. And I love the calendar because it also gives you, somebody was asking about a drop box. Will, you can actually find drop boxes for all your assignments. When's our first assignment due? Go to the month. Move from day to month, Dr. Rebus. So what's that? Go to the top at the calendar, go to month. Now scroll down, scroll down. You see that? Now you see on the 18th, those three assignments, everything, you can click on them right there and complete them. These are the drop boxes. Now they're not due to the 18th, but guys, I'd like for you to go ahead and do it. So we can get it over with. Get it over with. But they're the three drop boxes for those three little things here, point of peace. And we'll talk about our grading and everything like that. Your first assignment that you're gonna start working on this week is due on February the 1st. All your assignments will be due on Sunday evening by six. And so the first assignment we're gonna do is we're gonna do a data dive. And you may say, well, I teach DTE, I don't use EOGs and EOCs. And guess what, friends? You're gonna learn how to use it today or this semester. And that's just because if you're a principal, you gotta know how to look at data and disaggregate data and make some sense out of your data. So there's your assignment drop box. Well, I'd rather some of Brooklyn had sent me a message earlier and I responded back about the classes. Let me tell you why 601 is on Wednesday night. Because of the work that you have to do, you've got to be sensitive of, you've got to have time in the week to meet with your principal sometime. You've got to have time to meet with your teacher. And if something's on Monday or if it's late, it just messes up or you run out of time and you don't have time to do it. So this gives you time to get your assignments on Wednesday night, understand it. You've got Thursday and Friday still to work on things, but you still have Monday and Tuesday of next week to work it out. It just has over the years, it has proven to be the best time for beginning students to be able to get everything in that they need to get in. So that was the premise behind, Gardner, we're moving it to Wednesday night and working with Wednesday night. You have more time to meet with your principal, to meet with your PLCs or whomever you're working with.

[30m_36m]
Gather the data and things. It has worked. It has proven to be very successful. And that going back to the calendar, you notice that for an assignment one, you have to use eternity. And of course, that detects pleasure is pleasure ism issues and. And. A written work, so please make sure that you are all your work is original because we don't want you to have to redo the first time we may say, you know, you got to redo it because. Your turn it in similarity report was too high or your report was too high. You know, we'll give you one time, but after that, you know, there's some academic. Repercussions, but anyway, just be cognizant. We will talk about that. Reader academic integrity at a station and it explains all of those tools. Some of them that we use all the time, like Grammarly and Microsoft co-pilot. You can use grammar Grammarly to check your grammar, but you can't use it to paraphrase work and to generate. You know, Senate structures and your own paragraphs, but. There's some limited uses that are acceptable, but everything you do will have to be turned in through turn it in. Except for the work that you do for NC PPA for that assessment portfolio and we'll talk more about that later. Is there anything Tommy Tommy? No, Tommy asked the question about the textbook. Don't go to don't go to bulldole bundle. You'll pay a fortune for there. You only have one textbook that you did from us and it's listed in your. In your core shell and order it from order it from Amazon. You'll get it a lot faster and you'll get it a lot cheaper, but you'll need if you're getting financial aid. You will need to opt out of the bulldole bundle. Now, if you're paying, they all need to all have to opt out of it. So, yes, so if you order your textbook and that's the only textbook you'll need, you'll be using the APA 7th edition for your writing purposes, but. We really you don't need to order that manual because we will provide you with what the APA that you need and sources where you can get what you need. You can order it if you want to, but it's not a requirement. We put it in there. That's optional for you, but Tommy good question. Go ahead and go ahead and place your if you can go ahead and place that order tonight and get your textbook. But be sure to opt out everybody needs to go there and you need to do that. Tonight or tomorrow, someone asked me about a format a PDF PDFs are OK. They're aggravating for me as an instructor because it opens up in a completely new window and it just causes me a lot of. A lot of extra work because I have to close that window to go give you feedback and we do give you thorough feedback. So my preference is not PDF is just a Microsoft Word. OK. Jara, you asked the question about if you've already got it electronically, if you've done anything with them, they're going to charge you for it. So if if if you have gone through a bundle and ordered anything and you keep it, you're going to they're going to charge you for it. So you ordered did they have that textbook, our textbook in in there electronically? It's already there like I saw the information to opt out, but I just wasn't sure exactly what it was. Or they already gave it to me. Yeah, it does say we have until the twenty first to opt out. OK, you can still get back and opt out. I would order it and you're going to want to have the hard copy of this. OK, so that you can I would and it's not expensive at all. I think that revises what less than twenty dollars. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, and we'll use it all this semester. It's a good reference, but to fall back on as well, you'll use it again next semester to you'll refer to it in your second semester as well. Forty dollars Christine. Oh, that's high. Yeah, somewhere. What's that place you get yours from? I got my thrift books. Yeah, I ordered from thrift books, but you want three books you can get. You can get like if. Sometimes you can get get it for half price at thrift books. So they've gone up. Camisha said she paid thirty dollars from Amazon, so they must have gone up on it brand new because we got ours. Dr. Jefferson, I got ours last semester. We got it for. It was a Dr. Travis, you paid more than I did for mine because I went I did. I got my Amazon and I got and I got mine through thrift books and it was more expensive than yours. Yeah, I'm a bargain shopper. So. And good confirmation.

[36m_42m]
What other questions? When we meet on Wednesday night, we're going to take... Right now you've got the whole elephant. We're going to start taking the elephant one bite at a time. I know that you're going to have lots of questions. I like the fact, Dr. Revis, we've got a smaller group this time. We're going to be able to really be much more personal with you, by having the smaller groups and more intimate time working with you. I know you're going to have lots and lots of questions. We expect that. We do, at the end of class, we will ask probably to hold questions until the end of the class for the most part. Then those of you that don't have any questions, you can sign off and go on about your business. Those that have questions, you know, we'll entertain them at the end. We don't leave until everybody's questions are answered. Allison asked a question, is there also a coaching session at 530 this Wednesday? No. If you got that email or that announcement, that was from me because they had my coaching internship shells switched. So no, you do not have a coaching session at 530. You will come online, go to your calendar, get the link. The next time we see you will be Wednesday at seven. South Carolina, you have to do just like North Carolina does. You will have to take the NCPPA. Now, I think South Carolina does require you to take the praxis, unless they've changed. I think you have to take the praxis at some time, but North Carolina's, once you get certified in North Carolina, South Carolina reciprocates that certification. But I can tell you this, in all the years that we have been working in this program, we've never had a South Carolina student not to pass the praxis the first time ever. And if you complete that portfolio successfully, you'll have no problems taking the praxis. And every South Carolina person that's ever taken it and communicated back with me, Dr. Reves and me, has told us how it really was somewhat of a breeze because of what they had learned in the program. So you'll be fine. Well, if you've got questions between now and Wednesday, just be sure and jot them down. And like Dr. Sedmon said, we have an open question and answer session at the end of class. And that's just so we don't get bogged down as we go through. Tonight was a little informal. Again, we just really want to welcome you to the program and to Gardner Web University. And we're excited about following you and supporting you on your journey. Dr. Reves, have you got the, I don't have the textbook in this in this office with me. Have you got the textbook? Yes, the name of the textbook. I'll put it in the chat. OK, thank you. OK, somebody was asking. Let me see. OK, I want to talk to me. Let me see. Let me see. OK, give me a second. Let me come down to the bottom. Is there a South? No, Tommy, there's not a South Carolina portfolio. It's but it's no different. You have to everything has because you're going through a North Carolina program. You have to get North Carolina certified and then South Carolina will reciprocate everything. So the the the School of Education at Gardner Web will help you with that when that time comes. We'll help you with that. So there's never been a problem. So you won't have a problem. And they have actually this past year, South Carolina has actually softened some of their requirements. So, you know, at one time when you did an internship, clinical internship in South Carolina, if you did it in an elementary school, you could only get a job in an elementary school. If you did it in a high school, you could know. But now it doesn't matter. The internship will count for any level now. So. They just recently did that. OK. Hey, Melanie, you're right. When you go to when you go to it's not an assignment in your internship show, it's a discussion. About me is a is a discussion. There are.

[42m_48m]
Those are assignments in your internship shell. It's just a discussion. I put the name of the text and the authors. Now, that is not correct APA's format, but I was just trying to get it done quickly. By this time, two weeks from now, you will be able to nail me to the wall on this citation. Well, Dr. Stammer, that's all I've got tonight. Brooklyn asked the question, who grades the portfolio? That goes to actually Pearson grades the portfolio for DPI. They contract with DPI, NCDPI to grade the portfolio. And we'll talk about some due dates. You'll have to go ahead and register for task one probably in February, I think, Dr. Revis, sometime. But we'll tell you when you have to do that. You will have to pay out of pocket this, you know, until next, your last semester, you will not. It will be embedded in your fees then, but right now, they did not get approval we had to start this. We had to start the program pretty quickly when we started to get back in August. So the board had not approved the fees or whatever, and they had to go through a big process. So you'll pay $125 for task one. And then when you take task two, that will be in the summer, you will pay $150. And those that are 12 months, when you enroll in the fall to take your last class, 605, and you do task three, that at that time, hopefully will be embedded in your fees and you won't have to have to pay it at that time. It'll already be embedded in your fees when you make your payment for the semester. Those are the plans anyway. But Dr. Revis and I we will let you know well in advance, you know, when these dates are and we'll guide you the whole step of the way. We're not going to leave you stranded at all. So you don't ever have to worry about anything. Okay. Everybody going to show up Wednesday night now? Okay. Don't make me get in my car and go have to find you. Okay. I want everybody back on Wednesday. We don't want to lose any of our students. You already belong to us. Okay. As we have pressing questions that you need to answer before Wednesday, you can email us. Right. Or you got you got our phone numbers, we put those in there as well. You know, I may not get answer the phone right then. But if Tommy calls and you say, Dr. Staben, this is Tommy, 601 class. When you get a chance, give me a call back at such and such a number. And you know, I'll call back because I work, I still work a full-time job as well as this. And Dr. Revis does too. Y'all let me tell you about Dr. Revis. Dr. Revis builds houses. That's her new life. She builds houses. She's not building one right now, but she flips homes. She really does. And my family business does that. She's good at it. But my son and husband work in the business and Dr. Staben says, I bet you're in charge, aren't you? Most of the time. And I should just say, yes, I am. But anyway, I've worked with her long enough. I don't have to ask. Guys, we look forward to working with you. And again, let us know if there's anything between now and Wednesday. We will see you Wednesday. It is important to be in class. And let me tell you why every great once in a while, we record every session, but there have been times when something goes crazy. You know how technology is when we're processing the recording and it just messes up and we don't have one. So anyway, just try to be in class. Best practice. Okay. Okay. We'll see you Wednesday. So good meeting all of you. And we are excited about the semester. Okay. Okay. Bye, everybody. Good night.

[48m_54m]


[54m_60m]


